The guidelines that the Office did issue banned weather reports , including announcement of sports rainouts , news about troop , ship or plane movements , war production and live man - on - the - street interviews .
In high school he excelled in football , basketball , baseball and track and field earning 1st team recognition his senior year on Pennsylvania 's all - state football and basketball teams .
WBMA + also operates a network of cameras around Alabama -LRB- currently sponsored by local insurance company Alfa Insurance -RRB- that provide live video and weather information from observation sites throughout Alabama .
The new school development plan takes into account the reduction in the number of children and will change the school landscape in the near future .
He first came to prominence in the public eye that year by defeating then world number one Stefan Edberg in a hard - fought singles match in Vancouver .
The series focused on a young widowed mother whose five children form a pop rock group after the entire family painted its signature bus to travel .
Electronic communication network An electronic communication network -LRB- ECN -RRB- is a financial term for a type of computer system that facilitates trading of financial products outside of stock exchanges .
From the 17th century onwards , the Caribbean has developed a music infrastructure that includes church halls , performing arts centers , record companies , radio stations and television music video channels .
In April 2007 , following a student software development project from Kenya , Safaricom launched a new mobile phone based payment and money transfer service , known as M - Pesa .
A 19th century discovery of over two hundred metal money bars suggests that the area had been inhabited by the La Tène people around 250 BC .
At the local switching center the data is transferred directly between the customer 's phone line and internet lines , so DSL signals do not travel through the telephone network itself .
Today the company offers a wide array of insurance products and services including life insurance , annuities , health insurance , property and casualty insurance , credit insurance , and pension plan services .
In the television series and film , American recording artist and actress Miley Cyrus portrays Miley Stewart , a girl with a secret double life as pop star Hannah Montana .
Mr. Jackson is in fine health and finalizing negotiations with a major entertainment company & television network for both a world tour and a series of specials and appearances .
" The large pan-Arab media conglomerate includes a film production company , a magazine -LRB- Rotana Magazine -RRB- , television -LRB- Rotana TV -RRB- , seven music channels -LRB- Rotana Radio -RRB- , a record label -LRB- Rotana Records -RRB- , and others .
Jewel discography The discography of Jewel , an American pop rock and country music artist , consists of seven studio albums , one compilation album , twenty three singles , and five video albums .
Typically fiat money is paper currency or base metal coinage , but can also be simply data such as bank balances and records of credit or debit card purchases .
The team tied the school record for best start by defeating Nebraska for its 16th straight victory to start the season on January 9 .
The company was founded in May 1982 as the video game development group of Lucasfilm Limited , the film production company of George Lucas .
Eco-city development occurring around the world helps to develop and implement water conservation , smart grids with renewable energy sources , LED street lights and energy efficient building .
The death of Moreno González marked a significant victory for the government of Mexico since the start of the drug war in 2006 .
Present day all governments and humanity understand importance of ecology and preservation of nature that Guru Jambheshwar saw five hundred years ago .
The Partridge Family The Partridge Family is an American television sitcom series about a widowed mother and her five children who embark on a music career .
At the start of the 2007 season Ernie Els laid out a three - year battle plan to challenge Tiger Woods as world number one .
Her focus was on computer graphics and visualization , including projects such as developing the morphing software for animation of the liquid metal T - 1000 robot in the film " " .
VideoLAN VideoLAN is a project that develops software for playing video and other media formats across a local area network -LRB- LAN -RRB- .
in 1985 , country music star Ricky Skaggs recorded a video and a live CD over the course of two nights .
Jamaica has also formed a summer school program , which is a five day workshop for students to gain first hand experience working in the tourism environment .
In another important example of the genre , a massive archive covering the oral history of American music has been compiled at the Yale School of Music .
A production company in filmmaking is composed of a film crew and a television crew in video production .
Seeing the programming possibilities in his music / dialogue / reminiscence format , the American music television network VH1 launched a series of similar projects featuring established rock artists titled " VH1 Storytellers " .
The American government thus fought a war over the possession of the Ohio area Indian land under the direction of Secretary of War Henry Knox .
Despite its huge success , the children 's book market in Britain suffered at the end of the century due to a difficult economy and competition from television and video games .
Award - winning computer and video game series " Fallout " takes place in a postatomic bomb war universe , in which enlarged , irradiated cockroaches are present as early enemies .
The Weather Channel uses special proprietary equipment that inserts local weather forecast and warning information if it is viewed on a cable television provider .
The SPA extends out to sea and includes the sea bed and marine environment which is a source of food for the bird population of the area .
He finished the calendar year with a man of the match performance in Ahmedabad , which saw India seal a 2 – 0 series victory with a 259 run victory .
Much of the combat phase of this operation was viewed live around the world due to an unprecedented combination of embedded media and satellite video technology .
The company had acquired the rights to produce the official computer game of the Mexico 86 World Cup football competition well in advance of the planned release date .
By the 19th century , the Barbadian colonialists grew to fear slave revolts , and specifically , the use of music as a tool of communication and planning for revolution .
Film crew A film crew is a group of people hired by a production company for the purpose of producing a film or motion picture .
The center offers nature and science school and group programs , after - school science and summer camp programs .
In 2004 , the Cowboy football team ended a 38 - year bowl game victory drought by defeating the UCLA Bruins in the Las Vegas Bowl on December 23 , 2004 .
For example , people with depression often experience changes in appetite and weight fluctuation , fatigue , decreased interest in sex and motivation in life overall .
DirectPlay is a network communication library intended for computer game development , although its general nature certainly allows it to be used for other purposes .
The bank or credit network embeds their secret key into the card 's secure key storage during card production at a secured production facility .
We hope this concert will remind the nation that we need to change the way we think about the food we eat and the people who grow it .
According to " Fortune Magazine " , Maher benefited from the billion dollar money laundering operation at the Lebanese al - Madina bank which collapsed in 2003 at the start of the Iraq War .
In 2000 the country counted one hospital bed per 4,900 population and more than 27,000 people per primary health care facility .
Randy Jackson Randall Darius " Randy " Jackson -LRB- born June 23 , 1956 -RRB- is an American bassist , former television music competition judge , singer , record producer , entrepreneur and television personality .
The music video put together a production team at Bakshi Animation whose next project was the short - lived TV series " " .
Through Panini Digital the company uses voice - activated software to capture soccer statistics , which is then sold to agents , teams , media outlets and video game manufactures .
Rotana Records is part of a huge media empire that includes a film production company , a magazine in the same name , a record label , and seven music channels .
Some commentators saw it as an example of prejudice and a culture clash , especially since the school board had previously expelled a Sikh student for carrying a kirpan .
The competition schedule coincides with the school year and local round robins take place each month in state competitions .
The first flight of the first production CH - 148 , serial number 801 -LRB- FAA registration N4901C -RRB- , took place in Florida on 15 November 2008 .
During the first day of the Representative battle , Mukuro 's team able to defeat five people within ten minutes , thanks to Verde 's machine that able to change illusion into reality .
For two hundred years , the area was the thriving center of the Paris wine trade and a place with a unique life and culture .
The results — kept secret until after the war — gave the government confidence that if necessary food could be distributed equally to all , including high - value war workers , without causing widespread health problems .
The growing interest in family history in the media coupled with easier access to online records has allowed people with a curiosity to start to investigate their ancestry .
A live film of the production was produced using " Electronovision " , a method of recording a live performance with multiple video cameras and converting the image to film .
In 1927 , DuPont had begun a secret development project designated Fiber66 , under the direction of Harvard chemist Wallace Carothers and chemistry department director Elmer Keiser Bolton .
If a record is maintained , the receiving hospital doctor can see a trauma score time series from the start of the incident , which may allow definitive treatment earlier .
Gradually after independence , gender roles and behavioral norms views start to change in Tunisian culture with the development of gender equality inside the society .
Despite the minority government , Hamm 's government was able to drop an NDP plan for government automobile insurance issue , and put the Sunday shopping issue to a province - wide plebiscite .
Community radio outlets may carry news and information programming geared toward the local area -LRB- particularly immigrant or minority groups who are poorly served by major media outlets -RRB- .
In August 2009 , Albert Gonzalez 's defense lawyer announced that JCPenney was a victim of the computer hacker , although JCPenney stated that no customers ' credit card information had been stolen .
Baseball card A baseball card is a type of trading card relating to baseball , usually printed on some type of paper stock or card stock .
A football card is a type of collectible trading card typically printed on paper stock or card stock .
Another example is the situation where a company short of cash sells its machinery to the bank and then leases the same property from the bank .
Playtone The Playtone Company is an American film and television production company and record label established in 1996 by actor Tom Hanks and producer Gary Goetzman .
While the Moscow - based company Tehkhom provided the computer hardware on time , the internal NPO Lavochkin team responsible for integration and software development fell behind schedule .
High performance street tires sometimes sacrifice wet weather handling by having shallower water channels to provide more actual rubber tread surface area for dry weather performance .
The film was very popular at the box office in Australia and London , and the production company repaid the government most of its money within three months of release .
Synoptic surface weather observations use code numbers to record and report any type of tropospheric cloud visible at scheduled observation times based on its height and physical appearance .
The communication media used to link devices to form a computer network include electrical cable -LRB- HomePNA , power line communication , G.hn -RRB- , optical fiber -LRB- fiber - optic communication -RRB- , and radio waves -LRB- wireless networking -RRB- .
The crowd was also told that cameras had been brought to the concert for the record breaking December 13th performance to film the music video for the song .
In the hot weather each man had to drink a pint of sea water each day to compensate for the lack of salt from dehydration .
The team performs year round at school and athletic events , such as Spirit Splash , pep rally 's , and football and basketball games .
Similarly , locomotives on the way to pick up a train or running round to change the direction of travel are given the train number but with a 0 prefix .
They are taken in by a group of street children who live in an abandoned movie theater - the Stella , and are led by a proud " orphan " named Scipio .
In the final game of the regular season against Georgia Tech , he established a new school record with five tackles for loss in a single game .
A forest IB at Sitalapani which is near to this place provides excellent accommodation for those nature loving people who want to spend a day or two .
Amongst the arrestees were a street theater group planning an effigy beheading performance in opposition to the monarchy , whose members included a 66 - year - old professor of anthropology , The magazine has an extensive review section , featuring : new releases -LRB- music -RRB- , reissues -LRB- music -RRB- , music compilations , film and live concert reviews , as well as radio and television reviews .
A movie based on the book was made in 2004 and the NBC television network airs a TV series loosely based on the school and book .
The series has produced a half - hour weekly radio show , over 300 music CDs , and a large selection of merchandise , including a trading card game and figures .
Hopkins broke his own record becoming the oldest man in the history of the sport to win a major world boxing title , by defeating Cloud by unanimous decision .
The book of 1 Timothy contains a classic warning against the love of money and stresses that it is great gain to be content with food and clothing .
Because mental health treatment does not lend itself to fixed price costing , other exceptions are made by insurance companies for payment in the case of longer term casemix averages .
In 1996 , Walters appeared as Hillsborough disaster victim Ian Glover in a television film about the disaster which took place seven years earlier .
Also , in 1987 , Rockhurst became the only institution in the history of Missouri high school athletics to win football and basketball state championship in the same year .
Many professional football teams now train in light color uniforms , water and shade are made readily available , and a team doctor is at practice sessions at all times .
A man -LRB- Jason Schwartzman -RRB- lies on a hotel bed in a yellow bathrobe , watching the black - and - white American war film " Stalag 17 " and reading the newspaper .
The term " platform " refers to the specific combination of electronic components or computer hardware which , in conjunction with software , allows a video game to operate .
The daughter 's problem was that her family badly needed the money from her father 's life insurance policy , but could n't collect the money without a death certificate .
ETH juniors is a student association that offers consulting services to companies and gives ETH students a chance to gain work and project experience next to their studies .
For humans , population density is the number of people per unit of area usually per square kilometer or mile -LRB- which may include or exclude cultivated or potentially productive area -RRB- .
Each year more than 4,000 out - of state visitors — boosters , players , officials , team and game personnel , media representatives , sponsors , production crews and basketball fans in general — attend .
A high school girl has a crush on a soap opera star but she thinks she is in love with him .
Japanese cars had a 33 % hold on the American automobile market at that time and then - current U.S. President Ronald Reagan waged a price war against the new Japanese automobiles .
Other facilities include innovative learning spaces , health science laboratories , lecture theatres with live video broadcasting , computer labs and student lounges .
The film team that produced the movie Slumdog Millionaire has expressed interest in a script about Saroo 's life and specifically about his 25 year search for his mother .
In the financial services industry -LRB- banking , insurance etc. -RRB- , product managers manage products -LRB- for example , credit card portfolios -RRB- , their profit and loss , and also determine the business development strategy .
The discography of Lamb of God , an American metal band , consists of seven studio albums , one live album , three video albums , and nine music videos .
Revolution -LRB- TV series -RRB- Revolution is an American post-apocalyptic science fiction television drama series that takes place 15 years after the start of a worldwide blackout .
In 2000 , the company went public on the NASDAQ in the most successful software IPO to date , based on investor interest and first day share price appreciation .
The airport provides these passenger services : left - luggage office and luggage lockers , play area for children together with baby changing facilities , an exchange and post offices , a small health centre .
Crisis hotline A crisis hotline is a phone number people can call to get immediate emergency telephone counseling , usually by trained volunteers .
Bowen first gained prominence on the television series " Ed " , where she played high school English teacher Carol Vessey , the love interest of the protagonist , Ed Stevens .
Several posters of the film are featured in a movie theater in the season two episode " Innocence " of the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer .
This experience forms the basis for the church 's focus on genealogy and family history and belief in the eternal nature of marriage and families .
MTX Audio MTX Audio is an American consumer audio company that manufactures sound equipment for applications including car audio , home audio , marine audio and live sound products .
The main reason for the reduction in oil prices was the change in the world ’s energy situation after 1957 that led to competition between energy sources .
The American music industry includes a number of fields , ranging from record companies to radio stations and community orchestras .
In 1988 he became the director of this rock and eclectic music station , becoming for five years the number one radio station in Mexico City for young audiences .
Consistently high fertility rates , at five or more children per woman throughout Europe , resulted in high population growth rates and contributed to food shortages .
A loosely defined goal of ZPG is to match the replacement fertility rate , which is the average number of children per woman which would hold the population constant .
ABC FM News is an example of an American news network that is designed for music radio stations .
The film series has spawned an extensive media franchise called the Expanded Universe including books , television series , computer and video games , and comic books .
for Indian films and more than 350 songs for the Hindi film industry and recorded more than five hundred radio and television advertising jingles .
The company re-established its network of contacts after the Second World War , allowing it to gain new customers in the American market for quartz glass for optical applications .
An Emergency Services Unit can also often denote a government or non-government entity emergency mental health or family crisis intervention team .
In addition to its music business , the company is involved in concert production , artist management , film and television production and publishing .
Game programmer A game programmer is a software engineer , programmer , or computer scientist who primarily develops codebase for video games or related software , such as game development tools .
Sony Pictures Entertainment Sony Pictures Entertainment Inc. -LRB- SPE -RRB- is the American television and film production and distribution unit of Japanese multinational technology and media conglomerate Sony .
This system employed a combination global positioning system -LRB- GPS -RRB- and cell phone in a car to monitor driving performance and communicate risk factors to the insurance company .
American government film footage shows victorious Chinese troops with Japanese prisoners and captured Japanese flags and equipment on display after the battle .
He was the food and wine connoisseur on the American Bravo network 's television program " Queer Eye " and the host of the TV cooking competition series " Chopped " .
Lamour was also known for her volunteer working selling war bonds during tours in which movie stars would travel the country selling U.S. government bonds to the public .
In the eighth grade , he noticed several high school cross country team members jog to practice past the football field , an activity he then viewed as mundane .
A payment plan is not an option ; the credit card company will demand that the consumer make a lump sum payment of the settlement amount .
An area where Japanese universities and colleges offer information about digital art , animation , computer programming , and other programs of study related to the video game industry .
A US Department of Defense investigation had reportedly found that the company had , " used a highly sensitive government computer network to collect competitive business information for its own use .
Gourmet tourism is a niche industry catering to people who travel to food or wine tastings , restaurants , or food and wine production regions for leisure .
A common example is where an automobile finance company initiates a replevin action to gain possession of a vehicle , following payment default .
When Rodríguez was only seven years old , he helped the family by earning money as a water carrier on a sugar plantation .
The Song Dynasty was the first government in world history to issue paper money and the first Chinese polity to establish a permanent standing navy .
The Opening Cup game in Ufa , which was already under way when news of the disaster arrived , was abandoned and the start of the season postponed by five days .
The club baseball team in their second year of competition made it to the Division II club baseball world series in Johnstown , PA. " Its purpose was to comb various video game websites for news and information on a number of MMORPGs with a focus on " Everquest " .
He was a star center on the basketball team and starting tackle on the state championship football team .
Life on Mars For centuries people have speculated about the possibility of life on Mars due to the planet 's proximity and similarity to Earth .
Yale Law has been ranked the number one law school in the country by " U.S. News and World Report " every year since the magazine began publishing law school rankings .
The Rangers ended their record 54 - year championship drought with a victory in game seven to claim the long - awaited Stanley Cup .
The Japanese yen also fell to a seven - month low against the United States dollar while oil on the world market rose above US$ 60 a barrel .
The film broke the pre-sale ticket record in Japan and was ranked as the 67th best - selling movie in Japanese box office history .
Strategic communication management could be defined as the systematic planning and realization of information flow , communication , media development and image care in a long - term horizon .
Social security numbers , credit card numbers , bank details , medical history and classified information are often stored on computer hard drives or servers .
After the victim accepts a marriage proposal from the scammer , items are bought online using credit card information stolen from other people and shipped to victims without their knowledge .
Venezuelan oil minister Alí Rodríguez Araque 's announcement in 1999 that his country would respect OPEC production quotas marked " a historic turnaround from the nation 's traditional pro-US oil policy . "
Conversely , the music and film industries generally experience higher returns during the summer than other times of the year and market their summer hits accordingly .
He composed the theme for the television boxing series " The Contender " , and worked with Lorne Balfe on the music for " " , which was his first video game project .
This payment model continued until the start of the 20th century in some jurisdictions -LRB- like California -RRB- , where all laws regulating health insurance actually referred to disability insurance .
Father Knows Best Father Knows Best is an American radio and television comedy series which portrayed a middle class family life in the Midwest .
There are 4 on - hill restaurants , as well as a children 's ski school facility and children can sign up for a five day lesson called " Adventure Camp " .
Skee , is an American DJ , television host , radio personality , music composer , video producer , entrepreneur and record label owner operating out of Los Angeles .
According to American music critic Stanley Crouch , Jamal is second in importance in the development of jazz after 1945 only to Charlie Parker .
While attending music school in 1996 , Michael asked Christopher to record solos for his new melodic death metal project Arch Enemy .
" Intermediate COCOMO " computes software development effort as function of program size and a set of " cost drivers " that include subjective assessment of product , hardware , personnel and project attributes .
Džajić participated in Yugoslavia 's opening championship game draw with world champions Brazil and scored one goal in a record victory of 9 – 0 against Zaire .
T - ara videography The videography of South Korean girl group T - ara includes 43 music videos , 6 video albums , 7 reality television series and 15 commercials .
Although lessons are co-educational and sport takes place generally in year groups , for pastoral and sporting competition purposes , the school is divided into five different single sex houses .
The film ends with a radio news report about a fresh astronaut team being sent to Saturn , implying the possibility of a future accident .
Nevertheless , in March 2009 the Jerusalem area regional infrastructure planning commission recommended against the environmentalists ' plan and choose to proceed with Israel Railways ' original two - tunnel plan .
In 2005 117,931 people participated in the Dou De Zhu online tournament held by GICQ , an online game development and operation company in China .
Pennsylvania authorities asked the FBI to analyze Gricar 's bank accounts , credit card records and cell phone records , but found no clues as to where he may have been .
Queen 's performance at the event has since been voted by a group of music executives as the greatest live performance in the history of rock music .
British Telecom brought new life to the company with development of hardware and software for the Tymnet data network using contacts BT already had with telecommunication hardware vendors .
The Kei - So baseball game is especially famous because of its over 100 year history and importance in Japanese baseball history .
However , emergency telepsychiatry services are already being provided to hospital emergency departments , jails , community mental health centers , substance abuse treatment facilities , and schools .
His recovery took place over three to five months , and Weinberg kept news about the operation private until an interview eight months later .
The video starred television and film actress Gillian Iliana Waters as LL Cool J 's love interest in the music video .
Many Japanese video game industry composers worked on the recordings , from people like " Chrono " series composer Yasunori Mitsuda to Nobuo Uematsu 's former band The Black Mages .
The team includes an assistant campus minister and student leaders who help guide and plan spiritual life on campus for the school year .
Outdoors , there is a football stadium and a new turf football field , an all - weather track , four soccer and other practice fields , two baseball diamonds , and seven tennis courts .
The top five teams in the final finished ahead of the world record of 3:12.23 set the previous day by the American B team in a preliminary heat .
The terms architect and architecture are also used in the disciplines of landscape architecture , naval architecture and often information technology -LRB- for example a network architect or software architect -RRB- .
Freedom was maximised when the government took a " hands off " attitude toward industrial development and supported the value of the currency by freely exchanging paper money for gold .
The film tells about a Japanese door - to - door insurance salesman , Tsuda Yoshiharu , who takes up boxing after some chance meetings with a former high school friend , Kojima Yakuji .
The book is the story of Anna 's journey around the world to change the mind of former Finance Minister Nick Minchin on the science of climate change .
As the prom draws near , Jake draws infamy among his peers after he fails to lead his football team to victory at the state championship game the year before .
Ageia was noted as being the first company to develop hardware designed to offload calculation of video game physics from the CPU to a separate chip .
In 1944 another branch was opened in Jacksonville , Florida , where the company produced cardboard anti-radar devices for World War II American troops and popcorn boxes for movie theater owners .
Cyrus first live performance of " 7 Things " took place on May 17 , 2008 at the 2008 Zootopia , an annual summer concert put on by radio station Z100 .
The price of power generation depends largely on the type and market price of the fuel used , government subsidies , government and industry regulation , and even local weather patterns .
One hundred percent of the royalties from this book are being used to provide clean drinking water to people around the world who desperately need it .
The video game industry saw Apple 's Apple TV digital media receiver as potential microconsole competition due to the company 's experience in the mobile games market .
" Prior to the start of the match , the closing ceremonies were held , featuring a live performance by six hundred volunteer performers , performing a field march of a football match .
The U.S. government responded by extending insurance for money market accounts analogous to bank deposit insurance via a temporary guarantee and with Federal Reserve programs to purchase commercial paper .
Coulter has previously said that the film will go inside the mind of Benoit from the start of his drug abuse after the death of Eddie Guerrero on forward .
The same year she successfully auditioned for the role of Colleen Carlton in the American soap opera television series " The Young and the Restless " .
a non-retail subsidiary of American Stores consisting of an audio media production company , a satellite teleport U.S. Satellite Corporation and an operation that sold equipment to law enforcement agencies .
A 5,000 - 6,000 m ³ -LRB- 30,000 - 40,000 barrel -RRB- per day oil refinery project in which there is an American interest also is under development in Port Moresby .
The victory over Iowa State brought KU 's record to 11 – 0 , the first time in school history that the football team won 11 games in a season .
Venezuelan oil minister Alí Rodríguez Araque 's announcement in 1999 that his country would respect OPEC production quotas marked " a historic turnaround from the nation 's traditional pro-US oil policy . "
The American animated television series " Futurama " , created by Matt Groening , plays with the space opera genre from time to time , for example in the over-the-top military officer Zapp Brannigan .
In recent years , Vancouver has become an increasingly important centre for software development , biotechnology , aerospace , video game development , animation studios and a vibrant television production and film industry .
This payment model continued until the start of the 20th century in some jurisdictions -LRB- like California -RRB- , where all laws regulating health insurance actually referred to disability insurance .
Koningsdag " is the one day of the year that the Dutch government permits sales on the street without a permit and without the payment of value added tax .
Obama might have had vital information to impart upon the American people about health care , the war in Afghanistan , the financial crisis — things that , you know , might affect real lives .
The number of old people is growing around the world chiefly because of the post – World War II baby boom , and increases in the provision and standards of health care .
A concert accordionist , soloist , composer , and arranger , Serry performed extensively in both symphonic orchestras and jazz ensembles as well as on live radio and television broadcasts .
The evidence for the effectiveness of N - acetyl carnosine eye drops is based on experience on a small number of cases carried out by a Russian researcher team .
For example , in the area of elective surgery , a participant in a private insurance plan may choose the surgeon , anesthetist , and hospital anywhere in Israel or around the world .
The evacuation operation was managed in several ' waves ' or phases : The total number of civilians evacuated was about 1.4 million , mainly women , children and war effort essential personnel .
Deep Purple 's California Jam performance was the first full length music concert film to be released and sold on video tape in the early 1980s .
American film critic Roger Ebert called it " a movie so violent and cruel that most people will find it unwatchable . "
By the 1950s the railroad industry began to experience a significant downturn due to overregulation , market saturation , and competition from the car and the airplane .
.
The ad was sparked by the announcement that the federal government had awarded the company a multimillion dollar contract for a wireless network in Iraq .
Shields trimmed NAF 's product line and diversified the company into oil and gas operations , television and radio broadcasting .
Spending four months in Brazil began Vreeswijk 's lifelong interest in Latin American music and social and political conditions , later seen for example in his " Victor Jara " album of 1978 .
Indian film industry is multi-lingual and the largest in the world in terms of ticket sales and number of films produced and 2nd largest in terms of revenue .
Hardware restrictions are imposed on such information appliances as video game consoles , smart phones , tablet computers , Macintosh computers , and personal computers that implement secure boot .
It focuses on allowing the student to gain physical awareness and experience of music through training that takes place through all of the senses , particularly kinesthetic .
More detailed information relevant to theories about body size variation , age at menarche , menopause , life history tradeoffs , etc. are presented in Hill and Hurtado 's 1996 book " Aché Life History " .
A stone skipping championship of a different nature takes place every year in Easdale , Scotland , that competes for distance as opposed to number of skips .
They coordinate , assess and plan foodservice processes in health care facilities , school food service programs , prisons , restaurants , and company cafeterias .
To start playing , the team needed to have sold 12,500 season tickets with 50 percent payment prior to 1 January 1995 .
The combination of the nearby population center of New York City and the ease of access to the area made Coney Island the embodiment of the American amusement park .
By the end of the 19th century there were around 300 people living in the area , which included a laundry and a small hospital for children with skin diseases .
Addiction psychiatry can also be a method of recovery for those who have attempted to cease their drug or alcohol abuse without prior success .
This , it was hoped , would create a tool for the detection of anxiety and depression in people with physical health Items on the questionnaire .
Despite injury , Ferris performed valiantly earning man of the match honours during Ulster 's Heineken cup quarter final victory over Munster .
It includes : an internet media player , a wireless remote , a wireless keyboard , a telephone line T - splitter , a phone cord , an audio / video cable and a power supply .
If the patient has no history of giant cell arteritis , the probability of vision preservation is high ; however , the chance of a stroke reaches that for a hemispheric TIA .
We use persuasion and our powers under the law to give everyone an equal chance to live free from fear of discrimination , prejudice and racism .
Moreover , use of actual user video information allows for enhanced security for communication and controlled access to secure computer and network resources .
Rutherford set a world record for speed in his first qualifying effort in a stock car during qualifying for the 1963 Daytona 500 .
The Bears football team finished the 2012 season with a 9 - 2 record and came in 2nd place in the New England Football Conference .
At every county line there is a sign that lists the country music star or stars from that county .
Other products offered by the company are core data processing for financial institutions , online banking products , credit card and debit card processing , and manufacture and network infrastructure support .
Ontiveros had a recurring role in the 2004 - 05 season of American prime time soap opera series " Desperate Housewives " as Juanita Solis , Gabrielle 's suspicious mother - in - law .
Contextual image classification Contextual image classification , a topic of pattern recognition in computer vision , is an approach of classification based on contextual information in images .
The Garbage Pail Kids Movie is a 1987 American live action film adaptation of the then - popular series of children 's trading cards produced , directed , and co-written by Rod Amateau .
In 2008 , Jamie Hyneman , co-host of the American television series " Mythbusters " , advocated Linux -LRB- giving the example of Ubuntu -RRB- as a solution to software bloat .
He pushed through parliament an act to allow savers to convert their post office savings to government stock and he developed the post office 's life insurance and annuities schemes .
According to a report in " The New Zealand Medical Journal " , maintaining eye contact is one reason young children may be more likely to fall victim to dog attacks .
The culture in Lund is characterized by the large student population and student traditions , such as a student theater group since 1886 .
Some of her notable television credits include the American daytime soap opera " Santa Barbara " as Veronica Gayley -LRB- 1984 – 85 -RRB- and the comedy series " Holmes & yo - yo " as Maxine Moon -LRB- 1976 – 77 -RRB- .
Between the conclusion of the 2010 season and the beginning of summer practice in August 2011 , seven players transferred from the Crimson Tide .
The government asserted that a monopolistic telephone industry would best serve the goal of creating a “ universal ” network with compatible technology country wide for telephone consumers .
This was necessary because of higher production costs and losses of convertible currency resulting from the drop in world oil price .
The victory of German troops brought not only terror of Nazi dictatorship but also mysterious weather changes , which are seemingly leading the world towards destruction .
Chemical diversity in nature is based on biological and geographical diversity , so researchers travel around the world obtaining samples to analyze and evaluate in drug discovery screens or bioassays .
The 2010 – 11 team became the first Harvard men 's basketball team to clinch a share of the Ivy League championship and surpassed the prior season win total -LRB- 23 -RRB- .
His realization that he desires the love of his family and peace in his country leads to a pivotal change in his character .
In response , what I term ' new slave narratives ' flood the market place telling us what it 's like to be black and formerly criminal on the new plantation .
Teliko " Teliko " is the third episode of the fourth season of the American science fiction television series " The X-Files " .
Unruhe " Unruhe " is the fourth episode of the fourth season of the American science fiction television series " The X-Files " .
The Field Where I Died " The Field Where I Died " is the fifth episode of the fourth season of the American science fiction television series " The X-Files " .
Sanguinarium " Sanguinarium " is the sixth episode of the fourth season of the American science fiction television series " The X-Files " .
Paper Hearts " Paper Hearts " is the tenth episode of the fourth season of the American science fiction television series " The X-Files " .
El Mundo Gira " El Mundo Gira " is the eleventh episode of the fourth season of the American science fiction television series " The X-Files " .
Leonard Betts " Leonard Betts " is the twelfth episode of the fourth season of the American science fiction television series " The X-Files " .
A music video have been produced and released in order to raise awareness among the world population on the importance of the convention on the rights of the child .
Dana had been spending so much money that the credit card company called June Roberts family to alert them of the massive spending .
More recent evidence for liquid water comes from the finding of the mineral gypsum on the surface by NASA 's Mars rover Opportunity in December 2011 .
Terminal Reality Terminal Reality -LRB- often shortened to TRI -RRB- is a video game development and production company based in Lewisville , Texas .
Further , even if your hardware keyboard layout does not match the device driver software layout that was pre-selected , you can change that without changing the regional setting .
The association of the Ripper with death and sex is particularly appealing to heavy metal and rock musicians , who have incorporated the Ripper murders into their work .
In 1990 she became the first African American woman to head a major record company when she was named CEO and president of Atlantic 's EastWest Records America division .
Michael Lee and Namond approach Bodie to ask if Michael can have a job to earn money for school clothes and equipment for him and his younger brother .
The World 's largest producer and consumer of officially accounted wood is the USA , although the country that possesses the greatest area of forest is Russia .
The music video for " Glitterball " , the album 's lead single , was the first production of any kind to film at the Guggenheim Museum in Bilbao , Spain .
All countries involved in the war stepped up development and production of aircraft and flight based weapon delivery systems , such as the first long range bomber .
Future music video director Dave Meyers wrote a movie script to the song while a film student at Loyola Marymount University .
The team would examine the site , interview mine personnel and others with information , review records and plans , inspect any equipment involved and issue any citations for violations .
Following the record 's release , Cher took a five year hiatus from music to focus on a film career .
Sunshine Days " Sunshine Days " is the eighteenth and penultimate episode of the ninth season of the American science fiction television series " The X-Files " , and the series ' 200th episode overall .
In actuality , the importance of the nature and role of culture and cultural groups in students ’ language and literacy development will help increase student self - esteem .
The terrestrial example suggests that complex life requires water in the liquid state , and a central star 's planet must therefore be at an appropriate distance .
The current situation at the start of 2012 Finnish football season is described by the current chairman and board members as difficult but stable .
2929 Entertainment 2929 Entertainment is an American media company with holdings in film and television production , film distribution , theatrical exhibition , home entertainment , television , and syndication .
The film received mixed reviews from critics and became the biggest opening day in US box office history for the month of September following its release .
InfraGard has a nationwide focus group that reviews threats that could disrupt critical infrastructure nationwide for a month or more named the electromagnetic pulse special interest group -LRB- EMP SIG -RRB- .
The event marked the first live radio broadcast of a video game music concert .
The plans were later confirmed by Winfried Fechner who announced " Symphonic Fantasies " , a video game music concert that took place in the Cologne Philharmonic Hall on 12 September 2009 .
Published and distributed by Nickelodeon , the video game is based on the American animated television series " SpongeBob SquarePants " .
-LRB- ii -RRB- A effects a policy on his own life with an insurance company and assigns it to a bank for securing the payment of an existing or future debt .
" GeinĹ kai " .
" GeinĹ kai " is the world of Japanese entertainment , encompassing everything from movies and television -LRB- including talk shows , music shows , variety shows , etc. -RRB- to radio and now the Internet .
" However , the attempt at peace lost credibility as the interview was scheduled a day before " Blood in My Eye " was released .
Superior American firepower drove Filipino troops away from the city , and Aguinaldo 's government had to move from one place to another as the military situation developed .
The series depicts the social and family life of a boy in a typical American suburb from 1968 to 1973 , covering his ages of 12 through 17 .
Skyler , through a combination of business planning and underhanded tactics , buys the car wash and begins laundering Walt 's drug money .
During competition season it often becomes seven days with practice twice a day sometimes .
The song became popularized when the American television network ABC began playing " Think of Laura " in reference to characters on the soap opera " General Hospital " .
Estimates by researchers of the number of people affected range 20 – 100 % of patients prescribed benzodiazepines at therapeutic dosages long term are physically dependent and will experience withdrawal symptoms .
Jackson launched the charity initiative , stating , " Heal the Kids will help adults and parents realize it 's in our power to change the world our children live in " .
Jason Mewes Jason Edward Mewes -LRB- born June 12 , 1974 -RRB- is an American television and film actor , film producer and internet radio show host .
The Japanese sex industry uses the term パイズリ -LRB- " paizuri " -RRB- -LRB- from おっぱい -LRB- " oppai " -RRB- , a slang word for breast -RRB- .
In recognition of his all - round performance in academic and extra curricular spheres , he was awarded the prestigious Ryde Gold medal for the best all round student of 1950 .
Triple M Network The Triple M Network is an active rock radio network in Australia owned by media company Southern Cross Austereo , who also own the Today Network .
The men 's basketball team has qualified for the opening round game of the NCAA men 's basketball tournament three times -LRB- 1999 , 2004 and 2007 -RRB- .
A street network pattern can affect the production of pollutants by the amount of car travel that it necessitates and the speed at which cars can travel .
In 2006 , the football team qualified for its first bowl game since 1961 , ending the second - longest bowl drought in the country at the time .
He served as the vice-dean of library and information services at the Harvard law school 's library , and led a reorganization effort in 2009 .
An abortive attempt to establish a hospital through private venture ended with the death of the entire planning committee in a plane crash .
Tom Scharpling Tom Scharpling -LRB- born February 9 , 1969 -RRB- is an American radio host , comedian , television writer , producer and music video director .
Kenya ’s health infrastructure suffers from urban - rural and regional imbalances , lack of investment , and a personnel shortage , with , for example , one doctor for 10,150 people -LRB- as of 2000 -RRB- .
The Cabinet appointed by the president on recommendation of the prime minister must gain a vote of confidence in the National Council .
In 2008 , the boys soccer team won the Colonial District regular season championship as well as the tournament championship .
A close inspection by the film crew of the area around the tree where Ram was sitting revealed no hidden food supply or water pipes .
Despite this substantial investment , the country has seen a five percent decrease in the cancer death rate -LRB- adjusting for size and age of the population -RRB- between 1950 and 2005 .
The radio drama is known for adhering faithfully to the books , and Peter Jackson gives BBC 's 1981 radio adaptation credit in the production of his film trilogy .
For season five -LRB- 2002 – 2003 -RRB- , Phoebe attempts to live a life without Cole where she can focus on her career .
The report recommended better family planning to reduce the number of unwanted pregnancies ; but their main conclusion was that abortion services were not being delivered as required .
Directors of the American Counter-Terrorism program later tied the travel arrangements to a phone call from Sheikh Omar Abdel - Rahman , a militant Muslim preacher , to the Pakistani telephone number 810604 .
Taking Stacy 's place as Tommy 's love interest is Lori Baxter , a former Catholic school girl who was expelled for vandalism .
In 2002 , the Lubbock High Academic Decathlon team made national news when its victory over J. Frank Dobie High School in the state championship competition was disputed in court .
The movie revolves around Ruby Weaver , a New York woman with a string of failed relationships , and Sam Deed , a man who claims to be from the year 2470 .
Fringepedia FringePedia is a wiki - powered online encyclopedia of information regarding the American science fiction television series " Fringe " .
Ambulances may have a similar arrangement with one radio for government emergency medical services dispatch and one for company dispatch .
Rockstar Toronto has gained the most media coverage for its development of the game " The Warriors " , based on the American cult classic 1970s movie of the same name .
Once the cut - off percentage is released , any student who has the requisite percent can approach the college and seek admission within a number of days .
The hotel was featured in two episodes of the television series " Ghost Hunters " , when it was searched by the TAPS paranormal investigation team on February 6 , 2008 .
They live in shallow coastal waters , rising to eat planktonic crustaceans during the day and returning to the sea bed at night .
Around 22,000 people live in Newquay , but the population can increase to 100,000 or more in the summer because Newquay has a large stock of holiday accommodation .
The single was accompanied by a popular music video that became the number one music video on rotation on the American MTV network in November 1990 .
Rather , it is a combination of a careful history of symptoms up to early childhood , including corroborating evidence from family members , previous report cards , etc. .
In 2007 , the Dutch government proposed that all seven million households of the country should have a smart meter by 2013 , as part of a national energy reduction plan .
This increases the surface area of the absorbing section and helps focus and concentrate light energy down into the reaction center to a Chlorophyll .
Shannan recently started a new production company Oddly Disturbing Productions , which is primarily a non-profit film and video production company , specializing in comedy shorts and music videos .
This finding of endothelial progenitor cells incorporated in tumour vasculature gives evidence for the importance of this cell type in blood vessel development in a tumour setting and metastasis .
The project when completed will ensure drinking water supply to about 4.3 million of people of the benefited area spread over five districts .
The scene interchanges with a group of people on the street who start dancing to the music while listening to a similar boombox .
An example of neuromorphic computer hardware is the Neurogrid board built by the " Brains in Silicon " group at Stanford University .
He also published a book on Egypt in the same year which contained a wealth of information on the history and geography of the country .
Griffin notes that people who view heavy amount of television think , “ that five percent of society is involved in law enforcement , ” which is four percentage points higher than actuality .
The government emergency plan for an eruption therefore assumes that the worst case will be an eruption of similar size and type to the 1631 VEI 4 one .
Valve Corporation Valve Corporation -LRB- formerly Valve Software , commonly referred to as Valve -RRB- is an American video game development and digital distribution company based in Bellevue , Washington , United States .
The Transformation " The Transformation " is the thirteenth episode of the first season of the American science fiction drama television series " Fringe " .
Bill payments for credit cards , bank loans , air ticket booking , electricity , water , mobile phone recharge , movie ticket booking , etc , are accepted at UAE Exchange branches .
A live performance from 2007 was made into a music video by Becky Fluke for the network Country Music Television .
Each store essentially contained a book store , a movie store , a music store , and a video game store under one roof .
The study of music in culture and the history of jazz and opera are taught alongside theory and performance .
In 2008 , a seventh group student placed in the top 0.2 percent of competitors from around the world with a perfect score in the 24th annual American Mathematics Contest .
These OPEC countries increased the price of oil fourfold , and used it as a political weapon to gain support against Israel .
It is featured on the soundtrack for the 2013 film on Steve Jobs titled " Jobs " and the American basketball video game " NBA 2K14 " .
Ibn Hawqal was an Arab scientist of the 10th century who developed a world map , based on his own travel experience and probably the works of Ptolemy .
" Monster " , " Recover " , " In The Mountains " and " Responsible Citizen " lyrically refer to substance abuse and alcohol , the media in " Magazines " , the record industry in " Accessories " and " You Shout You Shout The OFT will use consumer and competition enforcement , market studies and references , education and communication in whatever combination is appropriate .
Business object A business object is a type of an intelligible entity being an actor inside the business layer in an n - layered architecture of object - oriented computer programs .
The area was subject to a number of development schemes and , like Soviet Central Asia , one focus was on the growing of the cotton cash crop .
The number of food banks has increased rapidly even in Germany , a country that has weathered the crisis relatively well , and has not needed to implement severe austerity .
His initial focus was on the development of hardware that would enable computer users to be fully immersed in a 360 degree virtual world experience .
As a musician , Becker had first hand experience with drug culture and was able to obtain interview participants through his connections to the music scene .
In 2011 he appeared in " Necessary Roughness " as Dr. J.D. Aldridge , a former grad school professor and possible love interest for series lead Callie Thorne .
In an interview on September 12 , 2012 , Soma Somasegar -LRB- vice president of Microsoft 's development software division -RRB- confirmed that " Windows Store apps " would be the official term for the apps .
The music video was directed by Mathew Cullen of the video production company Motion Theory and features many internet phenomena , including Charlie and the blue and pink unicorns .
In 2013 Murphy filed a lawsuit against Goldsworthy , alleging he owed money and had been making unauthorised withdrawals from bank accounts and using the company credit card improperly .
Jesse Dylan Jesse Dylan -LRB- born January 6 , 1966 -RRB- is an American film director , and the founder , CEO and creative director of the media production company Wondros .
While arcade development would continue unchanged , the restructure shifted the focus of the company 's home video game software development to consoles developed by various third - party manufacturers .
It focuses on allowing the student to gain physical awareness and experience of music through training that takes place through all of the senses , particularly kinesthetic .
The DeMatha varsity football team won the 2008 WCAC championship for the sixth consecutive year and finished ranked # 1 in the DC area by the Washington Post .
The 2011 soccer team were also WCAC champions and undefeated -LRB- 20 -0-0 -RRB- , and ended their season ranked number 1 in the nation by National Soccer Coaches Association of America .
In January 2013 , a scandal erupted at the school after five football players allegedly brought three prostitutes to their hotel room during an away game in North Carolina .
Also in 2009 , Hachem participated in the fifth season of " High Stakes Poker " , a cash game television series on the Game Show Network .
Pontiac 's new - found performance image eventually led to dramatic rise in new car sales with the division reaching to third place in industry standings by 1962 .
Schools in the area closed for three weeks each year so that school children could help with the potato harvest .
As a whole , this side deals with political subjects : war -LRB- " Warheads " -RRB- , peace -LRB- " Rest In Peace " -RRB- , government -LRB- " Politicalamity " -RRB- , racism -LRB- " Color Me Blind " -RRB- , media -LRB- " Cupid 's Dead " -RRB- .
The company offers individual life insurance , group life , accident insurance , and health insurance policies .
Upon completion of the public offering , the company may find a market maker to file an application for a trading symbol and stock listing .
The agent remains on the phone and customers enter their credit card information directly into the customer relationship management software using their phones .
Død Kalm " Død Kalm " is the nineteenth episode of the second season of the American science fiction television series " The X-Files " .
The first game against Michigan , in Ann Arbor , was a 34 - 0 loss in 1897 , a year that saw the low point in Buckeye football history with a 1 -7-1 record .
He asks the reason why , if America is a 70 - 30 nation favoring free enterprise , are the 30 percent who want to change that culture in charge ?
His country song " We Lose " became a No. 1 video hit on Country Music Television and Great American Country country music television channels .
" Gore had a particular interest in reducing " waste , fraud , and abuse in the federal government and advocated trimming the size of the bureaucracy and the number of regulations .
Another line of evidence against the sun having caused recent climate change comes from looking at how temperatures at different levels in the Earth 's atmosphere have changed .
The American team ended up finishing in second place with a time of 3:13.86 behind Australia , who finished in a world record time of 3:13.67 .
Furthermore , the private Indian infrastructure development company SPML is engaged in build - operate - transfer -LRB- BOT -RRB- projects , such as a bulk water supply project for Bhiwandi -LRB- Maharashtra -RRB- .
State television is always off air until its 5:00 pm evening news broadcast , except on Sundays which start at 6:00 am , and in emergency events or live events .
That proved a golden marketing opportunity for Warner Brothers to attract interest in the film by noting it made a major film critic change his mind about its virtues .
The team advanced to the Division III championship game in 1995 , placing second in the nation after suffering its first defeat in 32 games .
Many people come to see the procession but also to drink alcohol and beer , eat cabbage , sausages or pancakes or simply enjoy the atmosphere until the early hours .
During the semi-final playoff round against the Washington Capitals , game five set a record as the highest watched game on any FSN regional network in history .
His first love was basketball and he had received scholarship offers in that sport , but his plans and his life would dramatically change just before his high school graduation .
The film was directed by Robert Fuest , and made by the same production team that had recently completed the television series " The Avengers " .
From his days at boarding school in " if ... " -LRB- 1968 -RRB- to his journey from coffee salesman to film star in " O Lucky Man ! "
Philips later exposed the industry of drug and alcohol abuse enablement by Hollywood doctors - to - the - stars in a series of articles .
However , the nature of Jesse 's death -LRB- an on - screen death in the hospital as the result of a gunshot wound -RRB- made this all but impossible , even by soap opera standards .
Majors in computer science include digital graphics & design , network management , web development , information systems , computer security and investigations , networking , and software engineering .
GB Airways flew a one - off flight in the other direction with a group of children from the Gibraltar area making up the passengers .
The Wanted Life is an American reality television series that follows the English - Irish boy band group The Wanted .
During this period , The Goal Rush was aired on Saturday during the football matches taking place on that day to provide live scores and match reports .
A school library media center " uses all types of media ... is automated , and utilizes the Internet well as books for information gathering .
School library media centers in the 21st century can , and should be , hubs for increased student achievement and positive focused school reform " -- Kathleen D. Smith They also found that egg production increased with flight loss because of a more limited food supply .
She remained active on radio and television in her final years , becoming the first black American to star in her own radio show with the comedy series " Beulah " .
Animation historian Michael Barrier called the film " an offensively bad picture , the kind that makes people who love animation get up and leave the theater in disgust " .
The discovery of oil in 1956 hurt the mineral extraction industries , as government and industry both began to focus on this new resource .
Einstein syndrome Einstein Syndrome is a term Thomas Sowell used to describe exceptionally bright people who experience a delay in development of speech .
As the population density increases and more people live in proximity to seismically active faults , understanding the nature of earthquakes remains a goal of the Earth sciences .
The investigator 's conclusion was that there is no evidence supporting a reason to fear sabotage from the Japanese Americans .
An example cited in the media is the recent battling between food industry lobbyists and healthcare lobbyists regarding school lunches .
That same year she was featured in the music video for Australian rock group INXS 's " Never Let You Go " from their album " Switch " .
In 1998 he played for Scotland under - 18 , and the following year he enjoyed a victory against England in the world junior championship match at Pontypridd in Wales .
Weather patterns , the water supply , and the landscape of a place all affect the lives of the people who live there .
Its diversified business has interest in finance , infrastructure & housing , media & entertainment , consumer merchandise retail venture , manufacturing and information technology .
In January 1998 , one month before he introduced the legislation , credit card bank MBNA advocated that it would restrict the ability of consumer debtors to declare bankruptcy .
Moran received a favorable debt consolidation loan from the bank that allowed him to avoid personal bankruptcy arising from credit card and stock market losses .
Today the Hualien area serves as the key population centre on the east coast as well as the one of five main life circle regions in Taiwan .
With a turnover of , the company is among the top five highest profit earning corporates of the country -LRB- source ? -RRB-
.
Until his death , Renzi 's father was an executive vice president at ManTech International , a company providing information technology services to a number of intelligence and defense - related federal government agencies .
These fixed rates are usually maintained by a combination of legally enforced capital controls or through government trading of foreign currency reserves to manipulate the money supply .
The music of Star One is heavier than that of Lucassen 's progressive rock / metal opera project Ayreon , drawing influences from 1970s space rock and blending them with modern progressive metal .
In 1999 , local rock star and bodybuilder Jon Mikl Thor started VM Sports , a company to market a line of Millionaires apparel .
It should also be noted that medications and doctor care for the treatment of any type of mental illness are explicitly " not covered " by the company 's health insurance policy .
Patients ' medical information can be shared by a number of people both within the health care industry and beyond .
The market capitalisation of a company is determined by multiplying the price of its stock by the number of shares issued by of corporate actions , replacement of scrips , etc. .
The University publishes The Finnish American Reporter , a monthly English language journal featuring news and information of interest to Finnish Americans .
The Ethiopian national soccer team advanced to the CAF group stage of the 2014 FIFA World Cup in Brazil with a 5 – 0 aggregate victory over Somalia .
The flood of military personnel and refugees eventually turned the operation into one of the largest emergency evacuations by sea in history .
McFarlane Toys reflects Todd McFarlane 's love of sports in its creations of popular figures from all five major North American sports -LRB- baseball , football , basketball , hockey and stock car racing -RRB- .
He falls in love with American delivery girl Ramona Flowers , but must defeat her seven evil exes in order to date her .
Followed the example of the group Horslips , Moving Hearts combined Irish traditional music with rock and roll , and also added elements of jazz to their sound .
Leaving Los Angeles for Nashville , Tennessee , Bowen became president of a series of record labels , and took each one to country music preeminence .
Stait played DC Comics superhero Dr. Fate in " Absolute Justice " , movie which takes place inside the events of the ninth season of the Superman television series " Smallville " .
He helped the Duke Blue Devils to a record of 32 – 4 , the ACC regular season title , and the 2006 ACC tournament championship title by defeating the Boston College Eagles .
In October 2007 , South Korea made a government donation valued at $ 1 million for new airport equipment ranging from cargo - loaders to flight information display system .
During Alegria 's seven month stay on the station he would routinely call down movie quotes and challenge the team members to determine the movie the quote was from .
The people living on the eastern coast of North American in this novel settled the area from the west , and still live in a medieval society .
Under this measure , a highly liquid stock is one that experiences a small price change for a given level of trading volume .
During the late 1960s , the group made some extra money by recording for music library company DeWolfe .
Hugh Downs Hugh Malcolm Downs -LRB- born February 14 , 1921 -RRB- is a long - time American broadcaster , television host , news anchor , TV producer , author , game show host , and music composer .
A passenger pays fare by either cash -LRB- no change given -RRB- or an Octopus card , a smart card fare collection system used in Hong Kong .
Gay people do live in Iran , obviously , but most keep their sexuality a secret for fear of government sanction or rejection by their families .
The music video was filmed in Greece , as Edward Maya stated in an interview that Greece " was a place that I fell in love with " .
A second version of the system was available the year after , but this was Olympus ' last foray into the world of consumer video equipment until digital cameras became popular .
Dresden is seeking to regain the kind of cultural importance it held from the 19th century until the 1920s , when it was a center of art , architecture and music .
Such an " FX " line also allows people in the distant place to call by using a telephone number local to them .
Bad Robot Productions Bad Robot Productions -LRB- formerly known as only Bad Robot -RRB- is an American film and television production company owned by J. J. Abrams .
The basketball team set a school record for wins -LRB- 19 -RRB- , won their first CHSL playoff championship since 1992 , and won their first regional semifinal since 1990 .
Amblin Entertainment Amblin Entertainment is an American film and television production company founded by director and producer Steven Spielberg and film producers Kathleen Kennedy and Frank Marshall in 1981 .
He also played a role in the first season of the TV series " 24 " as secret government agent Mark DeSalvo , opposite former " Young Guns " star Kiefer Sutherland .
Alongside his interest for racing , he played association football for his school team with England international midfielder Ashley Young .
Tsubasa Ozora is an 11 - year - old elementary school student who is deeply in love with football and dreams of one day winning the FIFA World Cup for Japan .
In 2011 she appeared in the fifth season of the VH1 reality television series " Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew " , which documented her recovery from alcohol addiction .
The player takes control of a group of warriors with the object of the game being to gain wealth and experience .
The episode is cited as the first example of a scripted inter-racial kiss between a white man and black woman on American television -LRB- between Kirk and Uhura -RRB- .
The company provided life insurance to people in the armed forces under a government contract .
In 1975 , Dorsey 's basketball team went undefeated until losing the Los Angeles city championship game to Fremont -LRB- whom they had beaten in two regular season games -RRB- .
The DVD extras include the original Japanese movie trailers , an interview with each of the movie 's two stars , along with a music video by Anna Tsuchiya .
To the Moon To the Moon is the fourth video game by Canadian ] designer / composer Kan " Reives " Gao and the first commercial production by his indie game development team Freebird Games .
Since 2011 , a warning regarding the experimental nature of the project has been in place on the website 's front page and within the software itself .
The government has arranged for professional development and training for school and board staff and local police services to implement the protocol at both the elementary and secondary levels .
Almost every development project includes an aspect of education as development by its very nature requires a change in the way people live .
Mortality tables currently in use by life insurance companies in the United States are individually modified by each company using pooled industry experience studies as a starting point .
BEA also announced a new product line called AquaLogic , which is an infrastructure software family for service - oriented architecture -LRB- SOA -RRB- .
Evolutionary psychologists contrast their approach to what they term the " standard social science model , " according to which the mind is a general - purpose cognition device shaped almost entirely by culture .
Along with the Japanese guitar company Ibanez , Vai created the Universe series seven string guitars in the 1980s , with a double locking tremolo system for a seven string guitar .
A concert featuring the orchestra performing music from the first two series took place on 19 November 2006 to raise money for Children in Need .
NBC agreed to pay $ 10 million to Warner Bros. for the production of each tenth season episode , the highest price in television history for a 30 - minute series .
The concert area hosts several nightly performances of video game music and related works .
Once the personal information has been gathered , the target is congratulated as having passed the interview and is asked to provide a credit card number to finalize the process .
Direct - access trading systems use front - end trading software and high - speed computer links to stock exchanges such as NASDAQ , NYSE and the various electronic communication networks .
The following year she began her career in a summer stock production of " The Children 's Hour " starring her mother and Joanne Woodward .
Australia set a world record for the largest victory in an international football match , winning the game 31 – 0 .
The cell phone novel became a hit mainly through word of mouth and gradually started to gain traction in Taiwan , China , and South Korea among young adults .
A woman was restricted to liquid food due to an eating disorder , choked to death when someone gave her a peanut butter sandwich .
Osaka and Kyoto became busy trading and handicraft production centers , while Edo was the center for the supply of food and essential urban consumer goods .
Mongolia 's Communication Authority has announced a plan to connect all sum center and a number of other settlements to cell phone services .
Another example would be to save money on health insurance or to enter a health plan with preexisting conditions offered by the new spouse 's employer .
Chasing The Saturdays Chasing The Saturdays is an American reality documentary television series that follows the English - Irish girl group The Saturdays .
The infrastructure of Estonia including everything from online banking and mobile phone networks to government services and access to health care information was disabled for a time .
In positive discipline the parents avoid negative treatment and focus on the importance of communication and showing unconditional love .
He also broke a school record by having 11 points in a single game against 1st year team Bishop Snyder .
In the new millennium , the city retains its importance as a center of live rock music , rap , and of the music industry .
Malhotra illustrates the problem of producing one CMO energy that we currently derive from oil each year from five different alternative sources .
Mercury Insurance Group Mercury Insurance Group is an American automobile and property insurance company founded by George Joseph in 1961 .
Following defeat in war the conquering country or faction may not accept paper currency of the vanquished , and the paper becomes worthless .
One type is group shooting , in which the object is to place five or ten shots on a target as close together as possible .
The combination of volatile weather and rugged mountains make any kind of travel and life in general difficult and challenging .
Harvard law professor Alan Dershowitz wrote that the problem with the report is what its composers willfully and deliberately refused to see and hear .
In September 2011 , IAEA Director General Yukiya Amano said the Japanese nuclear disaster " caused deep public anxiety throughout the world and damaged confidence in nuclear power " .
The information was kept secret for the Japanese public until 24 April 2011 , only after the media reported details of the map on 23 April 2011 , a day earlier .
The following year rumors arrived in New Mexico that the Mexican government was planning on selling the territory to the United States .
The U.S. government also initiates a " Re-education Act " to train the civilian population for the war effort and restore order .
ATSU graduates match up to the populations in most need of health care in student birth to admission life experiences , training location , and career choice .
Depicting the death of Captain Kirk , it is the first film in the series to star the cast of the television series " " .
Depicting the death of Captain Kirk , it is the first film in the series to star the cast of the television series " " .
The 1966 basketball squad led Texas Western University to its only defeat in a championship season celebrated in the film " Glory Road " .
The book was the first of its kind to gain national media attention , although it was widely criticized and not accepted by most baseball organizations .
Jefferson also opposed the bank loans that financed the War of 1812 fearing it would compromise the war effort and plunge the nation into serious long term debt .
Jefferson also opposed the bank loans that financed the War of 1812 fearing it would compromise the war effort and plunge the nation into serious long term debt .
Critics of the post-war trials of Japanese military personnel have cited the release of these war criminals as an example of the racism that characterized the difference in treatment .
Ueda also brought in a number of people outside the video game industry to help with development .
The original plan was to start the live block at 6 a.m. ; however , the network decided to scale it back before the expansion came to pass .
1967 also saw the creation of Challenge for Change , a community media project that would develop the use of film and video as a tool for initiating social change .
T - Mobile entered the Croatian market in October 1999 when DT initially acquired a thirty - five percent interest in Hrvatski telekom , including its cell phone service provider " Cronet " .
Since then , the problem of clerical abuse of minors has received significantly more attention from the Church hierarchy , law enforcement agencies , government and the news media .
" And finally , " There was mounting evidence in the world of psychology that indicated that when medical treatment is given , these people can , in fact , go back to ministry .
Television 's first prime time network color series was " The Marriage " , a situation comedy broadcast live by NBC in the summer of 1954 .
High risk groups include people with a history of alcohol or drug abuse or dependence , emotionally unstable patients , people with severe personality disorders -LRB- such as Borderline Personality Disorder -RRB- .
He realizes the next day that the government has drugged the public water supply with " benignimizers " , a drug that makes the victim helplessly benevolent .
Leonard Adleman Leonard Max Adleman -LRB- born December 31 , 1945 -RRB- is an American theoretical computer scientist and professor of computer science and molecular biology at the University of Southern California .
Although the Mars Exploration Rovers do not have the ability to detect life directly , they offer important information on the habitability of the environment in the planet 's history History .
The oldest record of monastic life at Sinai comes from the travel journal written in Latin by a woman named Egeria about 381 - 384 .
It is employed in a variety of disciplines including filmmaking , television production , theatre , sound recording and reproduction , live performance , sound art , post-production , and video game software development .
The company has been a component of Belgium 's benchmark BEL20 stock market index since its 1991 inception .
However due to the decentralized nature currency trading and the easy global access to the internet a number of brokers are based in less restrictive jurisdiction .
Its payment network in Indonesia consists of more than 11,000 payment points , 13 banks and one post office from which customers can pay their credit card bills .
The industry had reduced the amount of energy required to make a pound of aluminum by 10.77 percent compared with the base year of 1972 .
Transfer of motor skills : the gain or loss in the capability for performance in one task as a result of practice and experience on some other task .
The history of information systems coincides with the history of computer science that began long before the modern discipline of computer science emerged in the twentieth century .
If criminals gain access to information such as a person 's accounts or credit card numbers , that person could become the victim of fraud or identity theft .
It has a recreation area for smaller children as well as football fields , tennis courts , a skatepark , woodland and large Priory Pond , draining over a small weir .
However , in the 1970s , the world energy crisis - where OPEC countries withheld supplies of oil - resulted in rising inflation and a budget deficit in Ireland .
The plan includes a recycled water treatment plant that uses eight percent less energy than typical plants .
There is also a focus in HCI on how to implement the computer software and hardware mechanisms to support human – computer interaction .
The adopted children included twin boys and a group of five children whose mother could not keep them due to her drug addiction .
Following a pilot film in August 2000 , the cable network TNT premiered a television series based on the comic book series in 2001 .
The further development of this example involves the case , where the fat man is , in fact , the villain who put these five people in peril .
The principal sources of PRS revenue collection are : music transmitted on television and radio broadcasts , and music performed live at gigs , concerts and theatres .
The street children in the study reported all five types of abuse : general abuse and neglect , health abuse , verbal abuse , physical abuse , psychological abuse , and sexual abuse .
The " Politico " report also indicated that FWD.us was planning to open another front group called " Council for American Job Growth " designed to appeal to people with progressive political sensibilities .
Marcos administration then followed diffusionist argument that in order to stimulate market development of sugar industry government should replace the market .
The round the world attempt was delayed until 28 February 2005 to obtain a weather forecast with low turbulence for the fragile GlobalFlyer and good tailwinds .
The 2008/2009 Lady Giants basketball team finished the season ranked number one in the nation by " USA Today " 's Top 25 poll , and ESPN 's Rise Poll .
American scientist Lonnie Thompson has been pioneering this area since the 1970s , developing light - weight drilling equipment that can be carried by porters , solar - powered electricity , and a team of mountaineering - scientists .
In an article published after the war Goodeve pointed out the large amount of wood pulp that would be required , enough to affect paper production significantly .
Thus , troops were rotated between the front line and the rear , analogous to the operation of a " noria " , a type of water wheel that transports water .
The team improved further in 1958 , winning the Western Division with a 9 – 3 record and earning a spot in the NFL championship game against the New York Giants .
There is some evidence that the population may be increasing , but loss of habitat and food sources keep the estimated number of these birds at several hundred .
The album was initially conceived as a musical history of 20th century American popular music , encompassing examples of country music , jazz and rhythm and blues , among other genres .
Worldwide Pants Incorporated Worldwide Pants Incorporated is an American television and film production company owned by comedian and talk show host David Letterman .
His image has seemed such a liability that one professional publicist even suggested that Osmond purposefully get arrested for drug possession in order to change his image .
In October 2006 , Buena Vista Games released " " , a life simulation computer game adaptation of the popular television series " Desperate Housewives " .
" This said , in practice life insurance companies tend to be well regulated and depend on their reputation which ensures consumer confidence when investing .
Such a family consisted of five or six people and was based on marriage between an adult son and an adult woman who moved into her husband 's family .
The party and government have devoted great effort to controlling the number of births and have attempted to limit the number of children per couple .
Grey is also an American film and television producer , partnered with actor / producer Brad Pitt in the production company Plan B. Philanthropy .
The company has accumulated over a hundred years of experience in the field of oil and gas production , since the discovery of Digboi oilfield in 1889 .
MWRDGC 's main purpose is the reclamation and treatment of wastewater and flood water abatement in Cook County to protect the health and safety of citizens and of area waterways .
Ferlito is a star of the reality television series " Ginnaste - Vite Parallele " on MTV Italy which follows the lives of seven elite gymnasts who train in Milan .
Tan came into prominence after finishing fourth in place on the tenth season of the television series " Star Search " in 2010 .
There are multiple model - based games , trading card games , board games and video games that take place in Middle - earth , most depicting scenes and characters from " The Lord of the Rings .
Her contract with film production company Seven Arts led her to travel around the world to film movies .
The government of Saint Lucia has worked with the OECS to promote the regional music industry through intellectual property law and sponsoring festivals and other activities .
In the 1970s her house was inundated in a flash flood which destroyed a lot of her property and memorabilia from her movie career and life with John Barrymore .
Anti-virus software can attempt to scan for rootkits ; a rootkit is a type of malware that is designed to gain administrative - level control over a computer system without being detected .
It is hoped that the area of ground , half the size of a football pitch , will prevent the government from carrying through its plan to expand Heathrow .
The company was active in home video production and distribution , broadcast television , theatrical film distribution , merchandising , original productions , magazine and comic book publishing .
The company was marketing a service called GameLine for the Atari 2600 video game console that allowed users to download games via a phone line and modem .
In 2010 , Kelley played the love interest in the music video for the Bruno Mars song " Just the Way You Are " .
On July 21 , 2006 , Hassan Aweys , in a radio broadcast , urged holy war on Ethiopian troops stationed in Baidoa to support the UN-backed government of Somalia .
By mid-year the stock price rose tenfold from its prior year all - time low , but then fell victim to the 1987 stock market crash .
He coined the term " podcasting " , in an article for " The Guardian " / It was later the " New Oxford American Dictionary " word of the year for 2005 .
The round the clock Turkish broadcasts by the Voice of Turkey for Turkish nationals living abroad and those of Turkish origin focus on education , culture music and news programmes .
The investigation would focus on why both the maintenance crew & coal train were on the tracks at the same time & why no warning was given .
This paper discusses the use of logic models in planning and evaluating substance abuse treatment services .
Now fighting a psychic drought and an enemy in her midst , her only comfort is the love of her life - Soul Screamers leading man Nash Hudson .
In the program 's 20 year history , the men 's soccer team has made five post-season appearances , acquiring a 3 - 5 record in post-season play .
This , along with the development of a 1983 television movie about the kidnapping and murder of Adam Walsh , helped spark nationwide interest in the plight of missing children .
Hulme was world champion with the Brabham team in 1967 and had raced for McLaren that year in Can - Am , a North American sports car racing series .
The movie shows the Hungarian Revolution through the eyes of a player on the water polo team and a girl who is one of the student leaders .
In the pilot episode , a team of " Zero - X " astronauts investigate the surface of Mars in 2068 after unidentified radio signals emanating from the planet are detected on Earth .
Much residential and office development had taken place in Northern Virginia without the state 's receiving sufficient federal money for infrastructure improvements to keep up .
The use or possession of any kind of replica weapon — loaded or otherwise — in a public place without valid reason is an offense under UK law and can carry heavy penalties .
Comp card printing prices can vary depending on the number of pictures used on the card , the type of paper stock used , and the general printing quality .
The climactic battle scene , which in the book takes place in the ravine , in the film occurs in the school theater -LRB- which magically becomes a beach -RRB- .
Johnny would contend in retrospect that this direction was a record company decision , a continued futile attempt to get airplay on American radio .
As a College student he had maintained the interest in his love of music with regular vocal practice and participation in college programmes .
Rather than accept defeat from the flood , the people of the Dayton area were determined to prevent another flood disaster of the same magnitude .
The campus offers Audio and video conferencing facilities , library and computer laboratory as well as internet and email access via USPNet are available for students .
QR codes can be used to store bank account information or credit card information , or they can be specifically designed to work with particular payment provider applications .
He can fire energy bolts of great force , travel through time , dispel magic , reveal illusions , and survive in space without any type of life support system .
A live television production starring Marie Powers took place on 12 December 1948 on the TV series " Studio One " .
Gray returned to television in 2004 as a guest star in five episodes of the daytime soap opera " The Bold and the Beautiful " , playing Priscilla Kelly .
The Triton is world famous among many musicians for being a benchmark of keyboard technology , and is widely featured in music videos and live concerts .
The fecal wine local history of the Korean peninsula has been many centuries , except for the era when the Japanese Empire prohibited the practice due to health concerns .
Madden NFL 08 is the 2008 edition of the American football video game series published by EA Sports and developed by EA Tiburon .
Coming into 2005 – 06 , the off season produced some change to the team as center Nate Doornekamp and sixth man Jermaine Watson graduated .
Team Ico Team Ico -LRB- stylized as Team ICO -RRB- is a Japanese video game development team led by game designer Fumito Ueda .
During the summer months , it hosts a series of live music concerts across seven forests .
Living history can be a tool used to bridge the gap between school and daily life to educate people on historical topics .
Clinton 's article emphasizes the importance of the Asia - Pacific , noting that nearly half of the world 's population resides there , making its development vital to American economic and strategic interests .
Another line of evidence against the sun having caused recent climate change comes from looking at how temperatures at different levels in the Earth 's atmosphere have changed .
The area out - of - bounds on a football or soccer field does not affect play the way foul territory in baseball does , so variations in that regard are largely insignificant .
They train local teams and communities to maintain equipment and work with the population on the importance of clean water and sanitation .
Since the center of the film and television industry is in Hollywood , California slang often becomes mainstream American slang due to its usage in movies and television .
A combination of record sales , radio airplay , video spins , message board posts , and conventional mail would decide the order of the countdown .
In the summer of 1940 , after issue number 6923 , the paper was declared officially discontinued by the Japanese ruling government .
In the twenty years since its founding , the paper had been suspended by the Japanese government four times , and its issues confiscated over five hundred times before 1932 .
The remainder of the book can be interpreted as an attempt to accomplish this goal thereby giving advice to those people who would experience this change in social states .
He lies to the drafting board about his health in an attempt to avoid the war and become well - off , as the competition is drafted instead .
" The New York Times " described it as " television 's most serious attempt to date to portray American law and the people who practice it ... " Fifty - eight percent of the student body are females , in the law school this number drops to 49 percent and in the graduate programs it rises to 64 percent .
In 1967 , Berger acted in the pilot movie for the Robert Wagner television series " It Takes a Thief " , which aired on American television network ABC on January 9 , 1968 .
The museum 's collection contains many rare aircraft of historical or technological importance as well as various memorabilia and artifacts relating to the history and development of aviation .
The FBI did not search credit card databases , bank account databases , or car registration , all of which would have produced positive results .
Also in September 2011 , IAEA Director General Yukiya Amano said the Japanese nuclear disaster " caused deep public anxiety throughout the world and damaged confidence in nuclear power " .
Retcons also appear in soap operas , serial dramas , movie sequels , professional wrestling angles , video games , radio series , and other forms of serial fiction .
Subsequent price cuts and game releases helped to boost 3DS and 3DS software sales and to renew investor confidence in the company .
Also in 1987 the group released the video collection " " Family of Five " " with the music videos of the five singles from Running in the Family .
Nice Back Home " Something Nice Back Home " is the tenth episode of the American Broadcasting Company 's fourth season of the serial drama television series " Lost " and 82nd episode overall .
The poor people are at greater risks for health illness because of the rural area that they live in due to the lack of clean water and sanitation .
The computer and video game media industry is criticised for holding lax journalistic standards .
Big B. Aashirvad Cinemas , a major production company of Malayalam movie industry then asked him to direct a film with Mohanlal .
E.B.E. " E.B.E. " -LRB- short for Extraterrestrial Biological Entity -RRB- is the seventeenth episode of the first season of the American science fiction television series " The X-Files " .
Devolver Digital GHI Media LLC , trading as Devolver Digital , is an American video game publisher and film distributor that is primarily associated with the " Serious Sam " series .
In September 2009 , a Bank of America credit card customer , Ann Minch , posted a video on YouTube criticizing the bank for raising her interest rate .
Additionally , an interactive movie book and a board game based on the series were released .
The center piece of the complex is a 143 - seat movie theater that screens anime and Japanese live action films .
Kramer 's new phone number -LRB- 555 - FILK -RRB- is similar to a film information line -LRB- 555 - FILM -RRB- .
He replaced his full brother Prince Mansour as minister of defense when he died of alcohol poisoning after a party hosted by then - Riyadh governor Nasser bin Abdulaziz in 1951 .
Information systems implement backup and disaster recovery equipment and processes to prevent data loss or restore lost data .
On the other hand , a number of well - known film stars have posed for pinup girl photographs and been promoted in photography and other media as sex symbols .
The war effort greatly shifted American culture and by extension representations in entertainment of both the nuclear family and LGBT people .
Greased Lightning " is a film loosely based on the true life story of Wendell Scott , the first African American stock car racing champion in the United States . "
The music video takes place at a dance contest whose winners are to gain a pair of golden shoes and a cash prize .
The night of January 13th , people gather outside their houses , in the center of their neighborhoods where they start a huge fire and drink and eat together .
This is due to the active nature of the network in which communication packets contain code that dynamically change the operation of the network .
-LRB- See Harvard University ’s Haitian Student Association for an example of a strong group of Haitian American and Haitian students who take pride in their culture while attending University -RRB- .
It states -LRB- ch3 v17 -RRB- that the serpent convinced Eve to eat the fruit on the 17th day of the 2nd month in the 8th year after Adam 's creation .
In the 16th century , the population reached 100,000 for the first time , and within another century that number would double due to the arrival of American corn .
The following season , the Knicks made history signing Sweetwater Clifton to a contract thus , becoming the first professional basketball team to sign an African American player .
After defeating the Pistons in the first round of the playoffs , the team faced the Bulls , losing the series 4 – 3 in seven games .
The money infused by a national television contract with a major network and the national interest that game telecasts might have made all the difference for the fledgling league .
Having a War taking place where a woman is planning on having a baby is not only stressful on the mother and fetus , but also has several detrimental effects .
She studied organizational change at Harvard Business School Executive Education and film production at New York University ’s Sight & Sound summer program in 1990 .
History of the Carolina Panthers This article details the history of the Carolina Panthers , an American football team in the National Football League .
The design portfolio is A3 size and should contain information about the team , their car design and manufacturing process , marketing techniques , project management , team work and team identity .
He followed that in his next start against the Florida Marlins by earning his sixth victory of the season , pitching seven innings and giving up five runs .
His live concert DVD was broadcast on the American public television network PBS , which lead to his first U.S. tour playing 2,000 - 3,500 capacity venues .
In the 1970s and 1980s , the software industry grew very quickly , as computer companies quickly recognized the relatively low cost of software production compared to hardware production and circuitry .
Shallow water depth in the near shore area together with year round lifeguard protection , makes this one of the safest beaches in the county and great for small children .
The English North Sea coast is an important area of bird life and is a habitat for many shore and wading birds .
Andy Hertzfeld -LRB- born April 6 , 1953 -RRB- is an American computer scientist and inventor who was a member of the original Apple Macintosh development team during the 1980s .
It is important to note however , that MHPAEA does not explicitly require that any insurance plan offer benefits for mental health and substance abuse disorders .
The 2007 – 2008 world food price crisis caused major rise in inflation , especially on food prices and the late - 2000s recession created a tough economic situation in developing nations .
At the end of the video we see the man telling a girl the heartbreaking news of her family member , as she too cries .
The video hints at the boy and the woman being the family of Rabbit , who died in the previous game and the teammates being Voodoo and Preacher .
Controllers record information on flight progress strips and in specially developed oceanic computer systems as aircraft report positions .
When a military satellite returns to Earth , a recovery team is dispatched to retrieve it ; during a live radio communication with their base , the team members suddenly die .
He also participated on the school tennis team , and played quarterback on the school football team and shortstop on its baseball team .
her mother in law ordered few men to take it and throw it to the forest so that any animal could eat .
In the video he plays a man fired from his day job and forced to fight in night street fights to earn money for his daughter .
In the laboratory , this combination indeed showed increased temozolomide activity in tumor cell culture in vitro and in animal models in vivo .
In a law journal article on the history of the APA , Professor George Shepard discusses the contentious political environment from which the APA was born .
Many U.S. states allow volunteer fire and EMS personnel to place emergency warning lights in their personal vehicles for use when responding to emergencies .
For instance , Virginia state law allows emergency personnel to equip one private vehicle " " with no more than two flashing or steady - burning red or red and white combination warning lights " " .
At the end or Yom Kippur , every year emergency services report giving treatment to people who combined the customary Fasting with physical activities -LRB- and of other reasons -RRB- .
The Bobcats also won their third regular season championship in 2011 , only the eighth time in SLC history that a school swept regular season and tournament championships .
Computer Othello Computer Othello refers to computer architecture encompassing computer hardware and computer software capable of playing the game of Othello .
and with only five live shows under its belt , every major record and publishing company in the country offered lucrative contracts to the group .
Okui currently hosts " @Tunes " , an anime music news program , on the Japanese anime television network Animax .
Because of American work card laws , Peters had to record the line in the UK over a live broadcast to the Pixar studio .
It was used on the " Blue Bloods " television series by a fanatical mother and son serial killer team who prey on prostitutes in the episode " Lonely Hearts Club " .
For example , suppose our interest is in the mean number of months that people with a particular type of cancer remain in remission following successful treatment with chemotherapy .
The early 18th century saw the development of a sugar industry and the production of related products including molasses and rum .
As noted below , the development of panchira in Japanese popular culture has been analyzed by a number of American and Japanese writers .
Historical use -LRB- circa 1995 -RRB- includes phone tech support personnel instructing the user / customer to place the line " id = 10t " in their CONFIG.SYS file as a warning to future tech support personnel .
During the mid-1980s , a number of initiatives began to combine mental health and substance abuse services in an attempt to meet this need .
The modules focus on one or several specific public health topics , such as : computer tools in outbreak investigations ; multivariable regression ; time series analysis ; vaccinology ; laboratory methods for epidemiologists .
The Inter-American Development Bank has financed a series of rural water supply and sanitation projects in Mexico with a focus on decentralization , community development and participation .
The low memory capacity of the early days computer required reduced board size and smaller number of pieces to make the game implementable on a computer .
American gratitude for the Canadian rescue effort was displayed widely and by numerous American television personalities and ordinary people alike , with Taylor a particular focus of attention .
Extra features include up - to - the - minute real - world game results via real - time , weekly podcasts and news ticker , detailed football stats , information and real - world news available in five languages .
The discography of The Mars Volta , an American progressive rock group formed in 2001 , consists of six studio albums , one live album , two extended plays , and nine singles .
She acts primarily in film and television and is the founder and president of production company Legion of Horribles .
The school also has other recreational facilities such as the canteen , football field , basketball courts , hockey field , tennis court , fruit gardens and a multi-purpose badminton hall .
The tournament first began in 1941 , and was the premier football competition in the country before the National Football League started in the year 1996 .
Unlicensed coffee bars where people listened to live and recorded music did not serve alcohol were effectively outside police control .
Kaiser belonged to a team of disabled people that helped the Chilean government to improve the national law concerning disability issues .
The first gold medal of the 2009 Games was awarded to a team representing Singapore , who won their 23rd consecutive water polo tournament in the history of the Games .
Each implementing nation will acquire this software and will implement it in a hardware environment suitable for its own application .
Mallorca Rocks is a weekly live music night taking place every Tuesday during the summer season at the Mallorca Rocks Hotel .
An investor only needs to own the stock for one day -LRB- the record date -RRB- to be entitled to receive the dividend payment .
The five person indie rock band is part of a science team investigating climate change and evolutionary biology on the Antarctic Peninsula .
With the victory Torres became the third Puerto Rican world boxing champion in history and the first Latin American to win the world Light Heavyweight title .
Bioresource and biomaterial engineering , environment landscape architecture design , environmental biotechnology , food resource marketing economics , food science & biotechnology , oriental medicine resources COLLEGE OF HUMANITIES : During the world oil shock of the 70's , Brazil began what is now a thriving industry of ethanol fuels extracted from sugar cane .
Berisha kept his place in the side for the season ender against Kongsvinger , where his man of the match performance inspired Viking to a 3 – 1 come back .
Groves said that Oppenheimer 's refusal to report Chevalier was " the typical American school boy attitude that there is something wicked about telling on a friend . "
The dawn of the 20th century witnessed the need to provide food for people living in highly productive urban centers with high population densities .
Under UK law , a company is a separate legal person from the people who have invested money and labour into it , and it mediates a series of interest groups .
In 1995 the airport reached the record of one million passengers per annum and only five years later , in 2001 , the number of people carried grew to two million .
However , the Phoenix Suns had the Lakers ' number that year in the second round of the NBA Playoffs , defeating the Lakers in a surprisingly easy five games .
A PLC is seen as an effective staff development team approach and a powerful strategy for school change and possible improvement .
The reason people are talking about them now is that a black man and a -LRB- white -RRB- woman are serious contenders for a major party nomination .
Despite government efforts to encourage farmers to switch to production of staples , total food production fell by an average of 2.7 percent per year between 1971 – 73 and 1981 - 83 .
In addition , its five season run -LRB- 1993 – 98 -RRB- , the intended length of the series , was longer than any American non " Star Trek " space series up to that time .
During 1975 , under company president and chairman , Robert J. Theis , a new line of hand - cast , hand - finished metal tableware and other accessories were introduced .
The term has also been applied to computer and video games that cause consumers to buy a particular video game console or gaming hardware over a competing one .
The Waltons The Waltons is an American television series created by Earl Hamner , Jr. , based on his book " Spencer 's Mountain " , and a 1963 film of the same name .
The team represents the nation of Brazil in senior - level men 's international competition and is a member of the COPABE or Pan American Baseball Confederation .
The series was adapted as a 2007 Japanese animated feature film by director Masayuki Kojima and production company Madhouse .
Palestinian Arab culture and life revolves around food in every aspect , whether it is an ordinary day or a special occasion such as a wedding or holiday .
There is evidence that alcohol abuse via a kindling mechanism can occasionally cause the development of a chronic substance induced psychotic disorder , i.e. schizophrenia .
March 22 , 2011 , the day of Katy Perry 's music video premier , MTV asked Andrea to do a live interview via skype in front of the world .
In 2006 , Plemons joined the ensemble cast of NBC 's television series " Friday Night Lights " , detailing the fictional events surrounding a high school football team in Dillon , Texas .
Within the academic community , faceted search has attracted interest primarily among library and information science researchers , and to some extent among computer science researchers specializing in information retrieval .
He later called NBC News the most " anti-military news operation in the country , " when he cited an example of NBC correspondent William Arkin that called American troops " mercenaries . "
His book " A Season on the Brink " , chronicles a year in the life of the Indiana University basketball team and its coach , Bob Knight .
In 2007 , Yokohama F.C. played its first season in the top flight of Japanese football in only its ninth year of existence .
Since the season was set in their hometowns , Paris and Nicole had cell phone and credit card usage , previously denied to them in earlier seasons .
The National Film School opened in 1971 , the work of four years of planning to create an institution to train personnel for the British film industry .
The Critic is an American prime time animated series revolving around the life of New York film critic Jay Sherman , voiced by actor Jon Lovitz .
During Bowden 's first year as head coach at WVU , the football team of the state 's other top - division school , Marshall University , fell victim to a tragic plane crash .
Piccolo and his brothers were athletes , and he was a star running back on his high school football team although he considered baseball his primary sport .
Alumni act as mentors , volunteer judges , and adjunct faculty to help connect each student ’s law school experience with the professional life of the surrounding legal community .
She had a role in the third season of the Showtime series " Californication " , where she played Jackie , a stripper , student and love interest of central character Hank Moody .
The Japanese film " Sakura No Sono " -LRB- 2008 -RRB- is about a drama group in a girls - only private high school putting on a production of the Cherry Orchard .
The reason for this change was to remove the hymn from the preparation for Communion where it might suggest worship of the bread and wine rather than God himself .
Network management system A network management system -LRB- NMS -RRB- is a combination of hardware and software used to monitor and administer a computer network or networks .
With Jackson responding saying that “ The science behind climate change is settled , and human activity is responsible for global warming , ” and that “ That conclusion is not a partisan one . ”
By 1780 , the paper money was " not worth a Continental " , as people said , and a second issue of new currency was attempted .
The effort helped to break the club 's seven match losing streak , a 10 - goal final term ensuring a 100 point victory on the Magpies home ground , Victoria Park .
May 8 , 1967 -RRB- was an American film actress best known for her stormy social life and eventual battles with alcohol and drug addiction .
This type of work will often include : Network Administrators are responsible for making sure that computer hardware and Network infrastructure related to an organization 's data network are effectively maintained .
The uncoordinated nature of the PC game market and its lack of physical media make precisely assessing its size difficult .
In 1992 , he was a cast member on ' , the first season of the MTV reality television series in which a group of strangers live together for several months .
The interest and love for football , however , had found its place in Sandnes , and in the summer of 1911 the new football club , Sportsklubben Ulf , was founded .
join it ' school of thought , but because experience had taught us that in a capitalist environment almost every record company operates on capitalist principles .
join it ' school of thought , but because experience had taught us that in a capitalist environment almost every record company operates on capitalist principles .
A television special hosted by MTV and a VHS home video release featured live performances , music videos , and information about AIDS .
In an interesting and positive development in the improvement of the lives of female sex workers in Calcutta , a state - owned insurance company has provided life insurance to 250 individuals .
It was strongly received by critics , and along with an accompanying music video for the song " Cross Bones Style " , helped her gain further recognition in the indie rock scene .
At its peak it had two centers that combined an informal meeting place with a drop - in center providing basic health care , food and a laundering service .
The sign also includes a direct toll - free number to the district office for an area and every office has received a unique phone number .
He was elected president of the student body and a star four - year player for the Razorback football team from 1921 – 24 .
A working group that included the JDOP published a paper providing the concepts for the development and operation of a national weather radar network .
The UK 's largest high street music retailer , HMV , decided to stock the paper on release day due to the giveaway .
In December 2010 , a group calling itself " fail0verflow " announced recovery of the ECDSA private key used by Sony to sign software for the PlayStation 3 game console .
The video features Cosgrove and her girlfriends sneaking out and going to a party that is taking place on a high school football field .
The single was said to have been written by Maguire the day after the death of music legend Michael Jackson in response to a series of unjustified comments .
The development of the plan in secular architecture was to take place in the 16th century and culminated with the work of Palladio .
The lesson of history is when a war starts every nation will ultimately use whatever weapon it has available .
" That year Branigan 's live show was recorded twice , for a syndicated radio concert series and a concert video .
The paper stated that German culture and its people would have offspring bound to become a threat to world peace in 30 years .
Native people always build safety stock of food at home , in the shops , in the market for this period , but they still have seasonal price increasing .
Almost immediately after her arrival in Alexandria came devastating news of her brother Oliver 's death in a plane crash .
The book is about his life and experience in the film industry and was released on October 1 , 2011 .
Follow focus A follow focus is a focus control mechanism used in filmmaking with film cameras and in television production with professional video cameras .
Azati Prime " Azati Prime " is the 70th episode of the American science fiction television series " " , the 18th of season three .
Pixar was losing money every year and Jobs was supporting the cash - strapped company through a line of credit with his personal guarantee .
The men 's baseball team has qualified for postseason play every year since 1987 , winning the Division II NAIA national men 's basketball championship in 1998 .
It is India 's largest exchange , globally in cash market trades , in currency trading and index options .
Whereas the Lacey Act dealt with game animal management and market commerce species , a major shift in focus occurred by 1963 to habitat preservation instead of take regulations .
With these skills , he became a star basketball player , leading his high school team to a 25 – 1 record in his senior year .
The arrival of Lord Macartney as governor of Madras in the summer of 1781 included news of war with the Dutch Republic .
Here at the new River Cottage H.Q. , the team would film the 2006 series " The River Cottage Treatment " where Hugh would attempt to convert junk food lovers ' eating habits .
Hebb performed on a TV show hosted by country music record producer Owen Bradley , which earned him a place with Grand Ole Opry star Roy Acuff .
It succeeded in attracting over 5000 local residents and visitors to the area and was an entertaining day of charitable money raising , family fun and live music .
A SWAT team barges into a school library to find a student holding an axe and surrounded by savaged bodies , before the film goes back eight hours previously .
Covert attention involves mental focus or attention to an object without significant eye movement , and is the predominant area of interest when using the Posner cueing task for research .
The article was a response to reports in the news media of ' talks ' given by African - American parents to their children warning them against white people .
The company used to operate one self - service , limited - menu express food service operation under The Cheesecake Factory marque inside the DisneyQuest family entertainment center in Lake Buena Vista , Florida .
In September 2013 , the Somali federal government signed an official cooperation agreement with its Chinese counterpart in Mogadishu as part of a five year national recovery plan in Somalia .
Pom Poko " was the number one Japanese film on the domestic market in 1994 , earning ¥ 2.63 billion in distribution income .
The film sold approximately 4,200,000 tickets in Japan , becoming the number one Japanese film on the domestic market in the period that included the year 1993 .
Formula One can be seen live or tape delayed in almost every country and territory around the world and attracts one of the largest global television audiences .
Gallifrey Gallifrey is a fictional planet in the long - running British science fiction television series " Doctor Who " and is the home world of the Doctor and the Time Lords .
The company specialized in cloud distribution of games , video and software for publishers and media distributors and also operates a freemium consumer business for sending large files .
A Yale computer science research team developed the P4P technical protocol , which they believed could speed P2P content delivery while lowering ISP network utilization .
They start with regional races held around the country every year that concludes with the world cup final .
The video operations center is equipped with editing equipment to review practice and game footage along with producing videos for the team .
The king of cups card usually depicts a mature man who appreciates the finer things in life such as music and art .
The loss of available food as a result may have led to the death of more people from starvation in this area than actual battle did .
With armed militia occupying villages and issuing death threats towards people who object to their activities , people live in fear and communities and families have been divided .
In 2005 , ExxonMobil 's stock price surged in parallel with rising oil prices , surpassing General Electric as the largest corporation in the world in terms of market capitalization .
ExxonMobil is the largest non-government owned company in the energy industry and produces about 3 percent of the world 's oil and about 2 percent of the world 's energy .
On December 30 , 2005 , Masand moved to CNN - IBN where he is currently the network film critic and runs an ongoing video reviews series on their website , " Masand 's Verdict " .
Di Capua immediately launched cost - cutting measures , letting go of a number of company executives and consultants , and overhauling production in order to achieve a 50 percent gain in productivity .
Chris Hansen , the record label 's founder , started at the bottom of the music industry in an attempt to build up experience and knowledge of owning a label .
Chris Hansen , the record label 's founder , started at the bottom of the music industry in an attempt to build up experience and knowledge of owning a label .
View Askew Productions View Askew Productions is an American film and television production company founded by Kevin Smith and Scott Mosier in 1994 .
The site was developed as a series of painting and media studios as well as a project space for year two students .
Following the 2011 Japanese nuclear accidents , Germany 's federal government is working on a new plan for increasing renewable energy commercialization , with a particular focus on offshore wind farms .
The crisis continued on 18 September , as trading was suspended for the third day in succession on Russia 's two main stock exchanges amidst fear of financial collapse .
At one point , a group of roughly 90 Roma were deprived of food and given nothing but sea water to drink by Dr. Hans Eppinger , leaving them gravely injured .
Plastic extrusion onto paper is the basis of the liquid packaging industry -LRB- juice cartons , wine boxes ... -RRB- ; usually an aluminum layer is present as well .
The Philadelphia Saving Fund Society held school programs that allowed Philadelphia children to open accounts with the bank and deposit money every week .
They travel in a group from place to place , entertaining the local people and thus earning a living .
1920s in jazz The period from the end of the world war one until the start of the depression in 1929 is known as the " Jazz Age " .
A team stands in front of a huge game board that consists of a series of five individual letters on screens .
Important income sources are automobile industry , steel industry , coal mining , ceramic industry and computer science and information systems industry .
Important income sources are automobile industry , steel industry , coal mining , ceramic industry and computer science and information systems industry .
Important income sources are automobile industry , steel industry , coal mining , ceramic industry and computer science and information systems industry .
Intangible property is assessed on the shares of stock of stockholders of any loan company , investment company , insurance company or for - profit cemetery companies .
Cotton , once Uzbekistan 's star cash earner , has lost much its luster since independence as wheat began to gain prominence from considerations of food security for the rapidly growing population .
An early example of this type of fighting game was the 1998 arcade release " " , featuring comic book superheroes as well as " Street Fighter " characters .
The season five finale of the Austrian detective television series " Kommissar Rex " -LRB- 1994 -RRB- revolves around a deluded woman affected by myth of the empress .
Ninety five percent of Oaxaca 's population receives health care from one or more government programs .
Incidental music Incidental music is music in a play , television program , radio program , video game , film or some other form not primarily musical .
This area hosts industries related to the information technology industry such as software development , telecommunications , engineering research and development centers , and business process outsourcing .
Beam 's music has appeared in television series such as " Grey 's Anatomy " , " The L Word " and " House M.D. " " Flightless Bird , American Mouth " was used in the film " Twilight " .
Canada has developed a music infrastructure , that includes church halls , chamber halls , conservatories , academies , performing arts centres , record companies , radio stations , television music video channels .
The reason was a combination of record snow and a crew scheduling software flaw .
The story begins in the neutral space colony Heliopolis , where secret development of advanced mobile suits for the Naturals ' war effort is being conducted .
He retained his seat after defeating Milwaukee mayor Tom Barrett by seven percentage points , becoming the first governor in American history to survive a recall attempt .
The university was designated a center of excellence for energy and environment in 2009 , and health and wellness , and communication in 2010 .
All news media in the country are careful to reflect the government line when reporting by self - censorship .
The book signified art , science and learning ; the vina associates her with music and performing arts ; and the prayer beads and water pot signify her association with religious rites .
This approach eliminates seawater pollution caused when the water is discharged directly to the sea without treatment -LRB- a practice which is still common in developing countries , despite environmental regulation -RRB- .
Caldwell , along with team president Bill Polian , suffered a barrage of attacks from Colts fans and football experts for letting the team 's chance at a perfect season get away .
King 's Quest " King 's Quest " is an adventure game series created by the American software company Sierra Entertainment .
At the center of the eagle is a single gold colored star and soccer ball , which represents the team 's victory in Major League Soccer 's inaugural cup in 1996 .
Baltimore returned to the title game one year later and became the only American team to win the trophy by defeating the Calgary Stampeders , 37 – 20 .
The music video was produced in Australia under the direction of award - winning creative agency Colman & Rasic and Sydney - based film maker Ash Bolland .
The introduction of money market funds in the high interest rate environment of the late 1970s boosted industry growth dramatically .
Others may leave the private practice of law to work in government or industry as a lawyer or in a law - related position .
But the grape was rediscovered in the late 20th century as the Argentine wine industry shifted its focus to premium wine production for export .
During the 2007 - 08 season Taylor 's team went 32 - 0 and was awarded the high school basketball mythical national championship by USA Today .
Taylor averaged 7.2 pts , 3.4 assists per game on the 2009 – 10 Kansas Jayhawks men 's basketball team who won both the Big 12 regular season and tournament championships .
On August 28 , 2009 , the national cable network ESPN televised Aplington - Parkersburg 's first high school football game of the year in honor of Coach Thomas .
The film was the number one television movie of the week among viewer ages 12 – 34 and attracted a strong female audience .
In 1991 , Pushead designed and illustrated a number of sticker inserts for a series of heavy metal and hard rock trading cards called RockCards , released by Brockum .
A second five - part series on the CBBC Channel followed seven young competition winners on their own personal journeys to destinations including Brazil and Borneo to report on threatened species .
The area underwent change in the late 19th century and the population rapidly expanded with the arrival of the railway .
Renfree finished off his high school career by completing 23 of 33 passes for a state championship game record 411 yards and five touchdowns against Cottonwood Mingus .
The title of the book is a reference to " The Voyage of the Beagle " , Charles Darwin 's book about his five year voyage around the world on the HMS " Beagle " .
These young musicians were heavily influenced by American culture and lifestyle , unlike their predecessors who had to experience war and Japanese oppression .
AMC AMX model year production totals in the U.S. , by engine and transmission : In 1969 , American Motors showed the next generation AMX / 2 concept car in the automobile show circuit .
Widgets often take the form of on - screen device such as clocks , event countdowns , auction - tickers , stock market tickers , flight arrival information , daily weather etc. .
Widget .
The object of the game is to travel about the board , gather six rings , and then leave the board at the space marked ' graduate . '
In it she plays Belle , a 12 year old girl who has to cope with the loss of her mother from an automobile accident .
The center hosts several Foreign Animal Disease Diagnostic schools each year to train federal and state veterinarians and laboratory diagnostic staff , military veterinarians and veterinary school faculty .
While the company supports porting a U.S. telephone number via the FCC 's local number portability -LRB- LNP -RRB- , not every phone number is available in every area code .
The first feature film to include an adaptation of Catwoman was " Batman " , produced immediately after production of the first season of the 1966 television series of the same name .
They also claimed that the improvements in computer hardware and software would dramatically change the future , and that information is the most important value in the new economy .
Relatively little technical information is publicly available , because the company and Saudi government closely guard field performance data and per - field production details .
A weekly CBC radio show brought him national recognition and , he began touring Canada until the late 1940s when American country music stations began playing his records .
The film came with a television series counterpart -LRB- " Seven Swordsmen " -RRB- , a comic book series , a cellphone game , clothing brand , and an online multi-player video game .
Student facilities include : 2,800 - seat multi-purpose performance hall , main athletic field , sports complex , tennis courts , health clinic , restaurants , cafeteria , coffee shops , bank , post office , bookstore , stationery store , travel agency , etc. .
American game show winnings records This article lists American game show winnings records and goes into the history and people who have held them .
Thus , the term coffee culture is also used frequently in popular and business media to describe the deep impact of the market penetration of coffee - serving establishments .
The federal government declared the state an agricultural disaster area because of 13 straight days of freezing weather during the growing season in January , 2010 .
Transient people are forced to change residence , phone number , school , friends , car license , and contact with family often .
Leeds University Union also operates the student radio station LSRfm.com , broadcasting live on their website from 9am - 12 am every day during term time .
Human Language Technologies -LRB- HLT -RRB- comprise a number of areas of research and development that focus on the use of technology to facilitate communication in a multilingual information society .
The sheer size of the earthquake caused a major decline in Japanese stock markets , with the Nikkei 225 index plunging by 1,025 points on the day following the quake .
Elsewhere in Japan , the Tokyo metropolitan government set up an emergency food and water supply network based around petrol stations , which were mostly unaffected in the Hanshin earthquake .
The Egyptian president suggested to Begin that Israel place a secret representative in the American embassy in Cairo .
American Grandmaster Andrew Soltis reviewed his book on the world championship match as " simply the best book written about a world championship match by a contestant .
Thus it is that my government is disposed to open hostilities if the American troops attempt to take forcible possession of the Visayan islands .
Line hunting In telephony , line hunting -LRB- or hunt group -RRB- is the method of distributing phone calls from a single telephone number to a group of several phone lines .
In the " L&O " season 20 episode " Innocence " , Cutter 's former Hudson University law professor raises an issue regarding Cutter 's qualification to practice law .
OPEC 's use of oil as a political weapon brought on the possibility for America to use food as a tool against other states and to further the US 's goals .
Most notable television exports include the longest running serial soap drama in the world in " Coronation Street " and the longest running documentary series in 7 Up !
, That same season the boys ' baseball team posted a 10 - 3 record and the girls ' basketball team finished 4 - 1 .
As of September , 2009 , the Japanese government estimates the population at 1,384,762 , which includes American military personnel and their families .
Many people have skin diseases as they do n't get a chance to have a shower for days because of water shortage .
In November 2011 , after being on air for eight episodes , the series was sold to Japanese content distribution company Culture Convenience Club at a record price of per episode .
It is only since the 20th century that family history has been an interest pursued by people outside the upper classes .
The Guyver The Guyver -LRB- released in Europe as Mutronics -RRB- is a 1991 American science fiction film loosely based on the Japanese manga series of the same name .
These gifts marked the beginning of a collection of Native American artifacts to grow in national prominence and number during the next seven decades .
No More discography The discography of Faith No More , an American rock group , consists of six studio albums , nineteen singles , one live album , five compilations , four video albums .
The Spanish government has therefore implemented various measures aimed at supporting local film production and movie theaters , which include the assurance of funding from the main national television stations .
Tatsunoko 's latest major project is the " " fighting game , a collaboration between Tatsunoko and video game company Capcom which features characters from both companies .
Some baseball card collectors pay large sums of money to gain possession of these cards and they may also put a lot of time into it .
Hillcrest Labs won the " Best Of Innovations " award in the video accessories category for software and hardware that allows a television to be controlled with natural gestures .
He compared the start of the 2008 economic crisis to a series of plane crashes , all taking place at the same time and each for different reasons .
Edward Tufte Edward Rolf Tufte -LRB- ; born 1942 -RRB- is an American statistician and professor emeritus of political science , statistics , and computer science at Yale University .
In 2008 , the PRD - controlled Legislative Assembly approved a law allowing transgender people to change their legal gender and name in Mexico City .
The approach resulted in deals with David Letterman 's television production company Worldwide Pants , another with feature studio United Artists , and a third one with film studio The Weinstein Company .
" Data breaches may involve financial information such as credit card or bank details , personal health information -LRB- PHI -RRB- , Personally identifiable information -LRB- PII -RRB- , trade secrets of corporations or intellectual property .
Mexico -LRB- 2011 -RRB- were the only team to win the competition with a perfect record with seven straight wins .
Eastman cites his personal interest in art collection as a primary reason for his foundation of the Words & Pictures Museum , a museum dedicated exclusively to comic book art .
All countries involved in the war stepped up development and production of aircraft and flight based weapon delivery systems , such as the first long range bomber .
A collection of underground development and production drilling equipment break ground , which is bogged by Elphinstone RH series LHD 's into a fleet of Elphinstone AD45 trucks .
Darin Morgan later attacked and parodied this approach in the twenty - first episode of the second season of the American crime - thriller television series " Millennium " called " Somehow , Satan Got Behind Me " .
Compared to software profilers , hardware counters provide low - overhead access to a wealth of detailed performance information related to CPU 's functional units , caches and main memory etc. .
Justin was born one of seven children to American Canadian mother Holly Sedgwick and Japanese father Hiromitsu Nozuka .
The Kemper family of companies specializes in property and casualty insurance , life and health insurance products for individuals , families , and small businesses .
Finally , safety equipment - including emergency vehicles - continues to be an area of interest for Chinese airport authorities .
When the energy crisis set in , Carter was planning on delivering his fifth major speech on energy ; however , he felt that the American people were no longer listening .
The 1979 energy crisis ended this period of growth , however , and as both inflation and interest rates rose , economic growth , job creation , and consumer confidence declined sharply .
There is a big change in the industry approach these days with more focus on software applications for the process .
Out of an estimated 3 million people who borrow from home credit providers , 1.8 million place their business with Provident Financial , giving the company an estimated 60 % market share .
Schock was born in Morris , Minnesota , the youngest of the four children of Janice Marie , a homemaker , and Richard Schock , a family practice physician and former school board member .
She hopes to change the video game industry with this process , so that other companies approach video games as a " creative medium " instead of a mass product .
In addition , Ali Khan stated that " a fairly large number of the population believes the use of artificial contraceptives for family planning is against nature and also against Islam . "
The term paramour rights refers to the American practice of a white man taking a black woman to whom he was not married as his concubine .
" In the year 2500 , a group of astronauts , including journalist Ulysse Merou , voyage to a planet in the star system of Betelgeuse .
Goulart , whose brother has type 1 diabetes , does charitable work , helping hospitals in her native Brazil to raise money to provide free insulin for diabetic children in need .
Also , the 1996 – 2000 television series " Early Edition " was set in this building , featuring a man who lives in the hotel and receives the newspaper a day in advance .
Inspired by the Beatles ' film " A Hard Day 's Night " and Beatlemania in general , Rafelson and Schneider 's first project was a television series about a rock 'n' roll group .
The project employs a number of technical means , as well as an international network of investigators , to determine the extent and nature of government - run internet filtering programs .
Wometco founder and president Mitchell Wolfson died in 1983 and a long - rumored secret plan to run the company after his death was never found .
In summer 2000 , various radio stations were sent a sneak preview CD of the live Sonicpraise concert recordings with Rush on lead vocals .
" The group explained that the security system had been defeated by photographing a fingerprint from a glass surface and using that captured image as verification .
This might change with the discovery of oil reserves in Kenya , which relied on oil imports to meet about 42 percent of its energy needs in 2010 .
Other types of the processing industry significant to Slavonia are wood processing , including production of furniture , cellulose , paper and cardboard ; metalworking , textile industry and glass production .
Brazil is the most successful national football team in the history of the FIFA World Cup , with five championships : 1958 , 1962 , 1970 , 1994 and 2002 .
In 2005 , a United Nations report expressed concerns about racism in Japan and that government recognition of the depth of the problem was not realistic .
It also " promotes a culture of consumer responsibility that pays for supplied services from utility companies , safeguards water services infrastructure and equipment against vandalism by criminals .
Since 2009 Kenya 's largest mobile phone company extended its mobile phone bank transaction payment system M - Pesa to be used for the payment of water utility bills .
Agricultural food production and water management is targeted as an increasingly global issue that is fostering debate on a number of issues .
Originally the word " broadband " had a technical meaning , but became a marketing term for any kind of relatively high - speed computer network or Internet access technology .
His inflation control plan was based on an attempt to control prices and a complicated currency conversion process that prevented people from cashing their bank accounts for 18 months .
Tramiel emphasized computers over game consoles but Atari 's proprietary computer architecture and operating system fell victim to the success of the Wintel platform while the game market revived .
Tramiel emphasized computers over game consoles but Atari 's proprietary computer architecture and operating system fell victim to the success of the Wintel platform while the game market revived .
Due to a three year war in Mexico , and the change of government within the dispute , the completion of the project was slow .
The frequent reference to shanzhai cell phones on internet and in traditional media made people start labeling low - cost imitation cultural activities as shanzhai as well .
His record setting season will remain in the media guide , but the school said they will place an asterisk by his records .
In " Sweatt v. Painter " , the Supreme Court addressed a legal challenge to the doctrine by a student seeking admission to a state supported law school in Texas .
The video was prepared to stimulate interest in school children about the basic principles of physics and the phenomenon of weightlessness .
The film revolves around " five guys and a girl who live in the lap of luxury in a rock star 's mansion .
However , the following month his team made history when they beat Dunfermline Athletic 8 – 1 , a record victory margin for the SPL .
In a match for an England team against the Dominions at Lord 's , he made a century in each innings , becoming the first man to do this seven times .
Li Kao begins his journey in the city of Peking where he steals five hundred gold coins in order to start his life of wealth .
The film chronicles her experiences as a poor farm girl who is sold as a mail - order bride to a Japanese American and never sees her family again .
A pivoting arm equipped with a stop sign is a piece of equipment required by law on North American school buses .
Prince Edward Island 's documented music history begins in the 19th century with religious music , some written by the local pump and block maker and organ - importer , Watson Duchemin .
The college ’s baseball team won an NCAA Division III record 6th College World Series Championship in school history in 2012 .
According to the leaders of this movement , the old regents had cooperated with Japanese during the world war II and sent people to the Japanese slave labor camps .
The U.S. organic industry grew 21 percent in sales in 2006 , and was forecast to experience 18 percent sales growth each year on average from 2007 through 2010 .
The company produced the industry ’s first PC - based travel planning tool on CD - ROM in 1991 , which was so revolutionary that it was supplied with a plug - in CD drive .
Generally speaking by the term “ tribe ” mean , a group of people that live at a particular place from time immemorial .
NCAA Football series NCAA Football is an American football video game series developed by EA Sports in which players control and compete against current Division I FBS college teams .
Paper Clip " Paper Clip " is the second episode of the third season of the American science fiction television series " The X-Files " .
The reason Psy was n't given the record was this video was not part of the VEVO collection the day it was first released in YouTube .
The company received attention in August 2007 when a group of Italian amateur radio operators set a distance world record for point - to - point links in the 5.8 GHz spectrum .
The museum has recently been refurbished and visitors can expect a " hands on " , audio visual family orientated experience showing the history and importance of the town .
Magee , while admitting being part of the IRA unit responsible , maintains that the fingerprint evidence on a registration card from the hotel was faked .
Google , software company Hyperion Solutions , and organic food and drink producer Clif Bar & Co ] offer employees a credit toward their purchase of certain hybrid vehicles including the Prius .
The first surgical change of gender in the country took place in 1942 , when a transsexual man legally changed his gender to male .
The environmental impact of reservoirs is coming under ever increasing scrutiny as the world demand for water and energy increases and the number and size of reservoirs increases .
Models Inc. .
Models Inc. is an American prime time soap opera that aired on the Fox television network during the 1994 - 1995 television season .
Marquette began to lobby for the passage of a state law designed to put a 12 percent ceiling on all bank credit card outstandings .
White Tulip " White Tulip " is the 18th episode of the second season of the American science fiction drama television series " Fringe " .
The issue of sex in space also appears in a number of science fiction works .
He is most memorable for playing the love interest of Judy Ann Santos in the television soap opera " Krystala " .
In an attempt to provide classroom space to a growing student population , the college purchased second hand American Hospital Huts which were erected across the school in 1921 .
After a successful academic study all year round and summer training program , the student must complete pre-service training by going through a program for a month as described below .
A " stag " is a party or individual who subscribes to the new issue expecting the price of the stock to rise immediately upon the start of trading .
After raising money by working as a freelance photographer , Disney bought a one - way train ticket to Los Angeles , California to live with his uncle Robert and his brother Roy .
Her next role was in " Butter " as the adoptive mother of a 12 - year old African American girl who enters a local butter sculpture competition in a small Iowa town .
He joined David Frost 's production company and was to star in a number of ITV shows including a short film during this period .
In 2008 Barbados sought to place the oil blocks on open market for oil exploration tender but faced a challenge by Venezuela 's government in Caracas .
Sampras 's loss denied him the chance to match two records - Jimmy Connors ' mark of five U.S. Open titles and Roy Emerson 's record of 12 Grand Slam singles titles .
He collected money from friends , family and credit card companies to make his first full - length feature film " Bombay Boys " .
Oliver visited a primary school in Peterlee , and realised that part of the problem with getting children to eat healthier food was the food they were eating at home .
Some of these detectors also have " automated mile posts " which send an automated radio signal to the train crew listing the train number , track number , and train speed .
The Great Depression which followed the 1929 stock market collapse led to price deflation , massive unemployment , falling farm incomes , investment losses , bank failures , business bankruptcies and reduced government revenues .
However at the end of the season the Spanish manufacturer retired from WRC to focus on the development of a special series of high performance cars .
This type of common is provided by an infrastructure like the government but to have access to it there are taxes on families and health insurance premiums .
The main issues discovered in interesting and retaining women in computer science were feelings of an experience gap , confidence doubts , interest in curriculum and pedagogy , and peer culture .
Recently , two tiger cubs with their tigress mother were spotted in the reserve bringing the total number of tigers to seven with five adults .
He is also credited as the creator of the soap opera genre , and using radio and television as media driven by advertising .
Beside the televised series , a project was launched during the 2002 series to fund a charity through the telephone voting of the live performance shows .
In December 2010 , a group calling itself " fail0verflow " announced recovery of the ECDSA private key used by Sony to sign software for the PlayStation 3 game console .
On December 11 , 2007 , the GMJHL announced a seven game challenge series versus a Russian team known as the Moscow Selects .
Around the year 2000 , Peter Gelb was the head of Sony Classical and was steering the record company in the direction of crossover music rather than mainstream classical repertoire .
In 2011 , EOG targeted full year 49 percent total liquids growth and 9.5 percent total company organic production growth for 2011 , based on its North American liquids plays .
One highlight came against Wake Forest in the next - to - last regular season game of the year when Berlin tied a school record with 5 touchdown passes .
Furthermore , family planning law does not have any provision for damages awarded to victims of abuse by government officials .
On July 5 , a group of fifteen well - known thinkers released an own open letter to the National People 's Congress arguing that change to family planning law was " imperative " .
Doctor Doom has been featured in other Marvel - endorsed media such as feature films , video games , television series and merchandise such as action figures and trading cards .
The music video for the song premiered four weeks prior to the release of the single on September 1 , 2011 , on the Japanese cable television network " Space Shower TV " .
As there is no country with perfect gender equality all countries suffer some loss of human development due to gender inequality .
The focus of the voyage is on self - development , the atmosphere is informal and all ship ’s company and youth crew are addressed on a first name basis .
Salerno climbed the family ranks by controlling a possible million dollar a year numbers racket operation in Harlem and a major loansharking operation .
Benjamin " Ben " Mankiewicz -LRB- born March 25 , 1967 -RRB- is an American radio and television personality , known for his work as a TV journalist , news anchor , and film critic .
The report concludes that ' the vast majority of the population need not live in fear of serious health consequences from the Chernobyl accident ' .
A personal area network -LRB- PAN -RRB- is a computer network used for communication among computer and different information technological devices close to one person .
Facebook , a social network service , is increasingly being used by school administrations and law enforcement agencies as a source of evidence against student users .
Their November 16 – 17 , 1981 wedding was watched by about 30 million viewers , setting a record for the highest - rated episode of a soap opera in American television history .
The day before the expected arrival of the marriage procession , According to Hindu religious texts , Brahma created man from the right shoulder and woman from his left shoulder .
In psychology , the term names the information maintained in the mind of an organism by means of which it may plan activities , select routes over previously traveled territories , etc. .
As a result of this analysis information , the program can project and scale volunteer staffing , telephone equipment , and computer equipment needs for Christmas Eve .
Nevertheless trading activity outside the sphere of production can obviously also yield a surplus - value which represents a " transfer " of value from one person , country or institution to another .
The five founding partners staged the festival each year for a number of years and successfully created an annual summer tourist season in Jamaica .
Results 84 % of adult Americans own a cell phone and 47 % of that population access local news and information on mobile devices , as it serves an immediate need .
A number of organizations promoted the deworming of children in the developing world as a public health and development strategy .
Recent evidence suggests that even in stable high income democracies with robust rule of law mechanisms , transparency , and media freedom increased government size is associated with more political corruption .
As computer technology and music software became more accessible and advanced at the start of the 21st century , bands tended to forego traditional studio production practices .
Played third base for his American Legion baseball team that won a state championship in the summer of 2002 .
A vehicle history report provides information and often detailed records associated with a vehicle ’s unique serial number or VIN .
Captain Power " was also an attempt to cash in on the interactive television game market by Mattel .
Harris Yulin Harris Yulin -LRB- born November 5 , 1937 -RRB- is an American actor who has appeared in over a hundred film and television series roles .
The print space -LRB- German " Satzspiegel " -RRB- is a typographic term and determines the effective area on the paper of a book , journal or other press work .
In 2008 , a “ measure boosting insurance coverage for mental illness and treatment of drug and alcohol addiction secured final U.S. congressional passage … as part of financial industry bailout legislation . ”
In an interview in October 2009 , McLeroy explained his approach to public school history textbook evaluation : " ... we are a Christian nation founded on Christian principles .
A crisis phone line number was available in each issue of ' " al - Moussawat " .
A year after their second Galactic Football Cup victory in succession , the mysterious Lord Phoenix invites everyone in the galaxy to a special mixed - flux tournament on the planet Paradisia .
The bank established credit and debit card payment handling company Streamline in 1989 ; it was merged into RBS WorldPay in 2009 .
Renown American television production company Desilu entered film syndication in 1964 by acquiring the rights to show Crown International films as part of the " Westhampton Feature Package " .
Metaswitch Metaswitch Networks -LRB- commonly Metaswitch -RRB- is a private UK - based company that designs , develops , manufactures , and markets telecommunications hardware and software to communication service providers , equipment manufacturers and large enterprises .
Health communication in future development will focus on social marketing and networking approaches to influence individuals to adopt healthy behaviors , linking profiles and information through social network sites .
Fodor also studied dream telepathy and came to the conclusion that some kind of communication could take place between people with close emotional ties .
Subsidized family planning services improve the health of the population and saves money for governments and health insurers by reducing medical , education and other costs to society .
Children start school either in the year or the term in which they reach five depending upon the policy of the Local Education Authority .
As part of his ongoing treatment he wears a wireless blood sugar monitor and carries sugar water on board the car while racing .
Gopi Shankar -LRB- Gender activist -RRB- and a student of The American College in Madurai penned the world first book on Gender - Variants in Tamil he used the term Gendervariants for genderqueer .
Excluding the observed reversal in fertility decrease for high development , the projected world number of children born per woman for 2050 would be around 2.05 .
The next day , spokesperson Col. Christian E. deGraff announced that the government would no longer attempt to bar media access to the victim recovery efforts .
The top two placed teams from each group are promoted to Série A1 ; each top team advances to Phase Three , a single championship game to determine the tournament winner .
According to some sources , the term came from a bank in Michigan that issued private paper currency with the image of a wildcat .
This work included the largest recovery in a healthcare fraud investigation in U.S. history against a major pharmaceutical company that illegally marketed drugs at the expense of consumer safety .
The song is covered by the company Wavegroup for the music video game " Karaoke Revolution Presents : American Idol " .
In Belgium , wages , pensions , house rent , insurance premiums , unemployment benefits , health insurance payments , etc. are by law tied to a consumer price index .
In an effort to shore up the economy , government minister Baron von Görtz stepped up to the challenge and became the country 's central banker .
Lexx Lexx is a science fantasy television series that follows the adventures of a group of mismatched individuals aboard the organic space craft " Lexx " .
The live action movie adaptation opened at second place in Kogyo Tsushinsha 's box office chart during its first week in Japanese theaters .
Parking Lot , the second North American single was sent to radio on 17 September , 2012 with the official music video coming out that day too .
The team hold the world record for the largest defeat in an international match , set after their 31 – 0 loss to Australia .
The victory assured Arsenal an undefeated league season , which resulted in the club becoming the second first division team in English football history to finish a league season unbeaten .
The high pressure system also acted as a cap on the atmosphere inhibiting the development of thunderstorm activity leading to exceptionally severe drought conditions .
Remote Access Services -LRB- RAS -RRB- refers to any combination of hardware and software to enable the remote access tools or information that typically reside on a network of IT devices .
The subjective nature of taste makes it possible to drink any kind of wine with any kind of food and have an enjoyable experience .
A mixture of dark comedy , hospital drama and love story , the book became a bestseller on its first day of release , placing number one on Amazon 's Kindle Single chart .
The Spanish government has therefore implemented various measures aimed at supporting local film production and movie theaters , which include the assurance of funding from the main national television stations .
Some residents and officials found it offensive that Jackson 's production team had negotiated with drug dealers in order to gain permission to film in one of the city 's shantytowns .
The team reached the championship game game for the first time in school history but lost to North Carolina .
In this case , concepts as company image and reputation can drastically change if customers are faced with more delays in for example communication or ordering goods .
This quickly caused a major crisis the following day on September 26 , as Shell evacuated 235 non-essential personnel from two oil fields , cutting oil production by .
Contingency management Contingency management or Systematic use of Reinforcement is a type of treatment used in the mental health or substance abuse fields .
City of Death City of Death is the second serial of the seventeenth season of the British science fiction television series " Doctor Who " .
Each year the center hosts a number of summer study programs , and enrolled students live with local families .
The Scarlet Knights have won five Big East Conference tournament titles : men 's soccer -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , men 's track & field -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , baseball -LRB- 2000 , 2007 -RRB- , women 's basketball -LRB- 2007 -RRB- .
Radio links were also used during rendezvous and docking procedures and for audio and video communication between crew members , flight controllers and family members .
television series and the live - action film " Super Mario Bros. " , both based on the video game series , brought Mario into the TV and film entertainment realms .
The world cup is a series of individual races usually taking place during the summer months of June , July and August .
However , she accidentally activates a secret information bank containing a huge map of the galaxy with several hundred Vaults marked on it .
As a result , the communication lines between Japanese parents and their children faced rapid degradation , hampering the preservation of traditional Japanese culture in America .
The stock closed at $ 33.44 on its first day of trading giving the company a market capitalization of approximately $ 3.3 billion .
RBMG Raymond Braun Media Group , also well known by its acronym RBMG , is a media company and record label established in 2008 specializing in music production and promotion .
FIFA 12 FIFA 12 -LRB- titled FIFA Soccer 12 in North America -RRB- is the 19th game in Electronic Arts ' " FIFA " series of association football video games .
" Metro " 's Christopher Hooton commented negatively on Harold 's performance as Lola saying " Lola kept her world record attempt for worst acting in a soap going strong " .
Left with no other options , the crew issued life jackets and opened the emergency doors to ensure a quick escape as the plane plunged into the sea below .
The company got 140 billion yen in financial aid and loans from the Japanese government and banks during the financial crisis in 2009 .
The 2002 - 03 team had lost the previous year in the conference championship game after winning the conference regular season title .
Statistics for the current season are available including leading goalscorers , card recipients , team stats , league standings , and cup competition fixtures .
The prison also offers substance abuse treatment programs for those inmates with drug and / or alcohol problems .
Saudi Arabian national football team left the competition at the group stage after losing 2 – 0 against Iraq , a 2 – 0 win against Yemen and 1 – 0 defeat against Kuwait .
The party slowly began to revise its ideology in an effort to change this situation and gain political power .
While in college , he played Beaver Smith in an eastern New Mexico summer stock theater production of " Billy the Kid " .
Their mother checked out a book from the library explaining how to play the game , and from then on soccer became part of their family tradition .
The men 's basketball team defeated Middle Tennessee State in the 2008 Sun Belt Conference tournament championship game to get a bid into the 2008 NCAA Tournament .
Consequently , Brazil later approved a law making the propagation of prejudice against any minority or ethnic group an unbailable crime .
This was effected by plugging a tool into the subscriber 's office equipment -LRB- Crossbar -RRB- or line group -LRB- step -RRB- .
Street football The term street football encompasses a number of informal varieties of association football .
The Nizam could eat seven kulchas and the holy man then prophesied that seven generations of his family would rule the state .
Smiley 's immediate family size was increased following the murder of his aunt , whose death left four children with no stable home .
After squeezing out enough juice to fill five wine bottles , the team member had to drink a glass of their wine .
Her brother Jordan Yorath -LRB- born 1986 -RRB- played football for England Universities in 2008 whilst in the final year of his planning and development surveying degree at Northumbria University .
The last member , pessimistic scientist Kurt Mendel , doubts they can change history at all and wants to live his life as much as he can before the end .
Holland 's contribution to rock and roll and the signature sound of Johnny Cash 's Tennessee 3 has earned him recognition the world over as a true American music pioneer .
It also features liquid crystal display information screens and automatic announcement system similar to those currently deployed on the E231 series rolling stock on the Yamanote Line .
This was the first Japanese defeat of the war , and it was the last time in history that a forced landing attempt was repelled by shore batteries .
Winning the third place game at EuroBasket 2007 against Greece allowed Lithuania to qualify for the Olympic basketball tournament at Beijing 2008 without competition at 2008 Pre-Olympics Tournament .
The firm 's Boca Raton office has a prominent wealth management and planning group for high net worth clients , along with significant labor and employment , tax , and corporate law groups .
The biggest loss from a single family was when five of Zulkifli Mohamad Noor 's seven children were killed when the tsunami struck at Pasir Panjang beach .
The Schweizer SGS 1 - 23 was a world class competition and record setting glider between its first flight in 1948 and the end of its production in 1967 .
Blinovitch Limitation Effect The Blinovitch Limitation Effect is a fictional principle of time travel physics in the universe of the long - running British science fiction television series " Doctor Who " .
A number of 21st century devices use accelerometers to align the screen depending on the direction the device is held , for example switching between portrait and landscape modes .
He joined the computer software company Namco in 1977 , where he started his career in the video game business .
Weston , president of George Weston Limited , whose interests included baking , grocery wholesaling , and paper manufacturing , acquired the block of voting stock from Loblaw co-founder J. Milton Cork .
A year later , the number of No Name products had increased to a hundred different items and represented five percent of Loblaws sales .
According to a news report " OpenFeint 's business plan included accessing and disclosing personal information without authorization to mobile - device application developers , advertising networks and web - analytic vendors that market mobile applications " .
As of 2011 , a high school student may sign a letter of intent to enter and play football for a college only after the first Wednesday in February .
The football team went undefeated in 2007 with an 11 - 0 record , a first for any school in the 23 year history of the Gateway conference .
Social anxiety disorder remains under - recognized in primary care practice , with patients often presenting for treatment only after the onset of complications such as clinical depression or substance abuse disorders .
In the hardware sense , the word " server " typically designates computer models intended for hosting software applications under the heavy demand of a network environment .
Performance testing is a subset of performance engineering , an emerging computer science practice which strives to build performance into the implementation , design and architecture of a system .
Arafat spent much of his life fighting against Israel in the name of Palestinian self - determination .
After appearances in a number of school plays she joined the local Arena Stage theater group on an apprenticeship , featuring in their production of " Peter Pan " .
The live CD release , " The Dance " , was released to commercial and critical acclaim , earning the group several Grammy nominations , including their live performance of Nicks ' " Silver Springs " .
Slovenian government accepted a law in 2004 , in which television stations are required to play a warning before a film and display one of the following icons : South Africa .
Having worked for the majority of her life in film gave her the skill and confidence to be the first woman accepted into the American Film Institute .
He scored a record of five goals in a group stage match in the 1994 World Cup , helping him earn the Golden Shoe as joint - top tournament goalscorer .
Equivalently , percent death rate is the average number of deaths in a year for every 100 people in the total population .
Chicago Tribune " film critic Michael Wilmington calls it " the greatest rock concert movie ever made – and maybe the best rock movie , period .
" Great American Country Great American Country -LRB- or GAC -RRB- , is a Nashville , Tennessee - based cable television network featuring a country lifestyle format , along with country music programming and music videos .
Great American Country features country lifestyle entertainment , original lifestyle programming , music performance specials , live concerts and country music videos .
Helicos Biosciences Helicos BioSciences Corporation , was a publicly traded life science company headquartered in Cambridge , Massachusetts focused on genetic analysis technologies for the research , drug discovery and diagnostic markets .
Additionally , since the kind of tool best suited to a company is considered to depend upon it 's social media objectives , the " best tool " in the industry is widely debated .
The female exodus of the mid-nineteenth century stands out in American history as the only major group of immigrants that was over fifty percent women .
It includes state - of - the - art classroom and technology space and was constructed to look like a large office building in concert with Davenport University 's focus on business , technology , and health degrees .
Kagemusha " was the number one Japanese film on the domestic market in 1980 , earning ¥ 2.7 billion in distribution income .
At the start of the inaugural season , a 3 million dollar advertising campaign was launched , with the television and film advertisements produced by Ridley Scott 's production company .
On December of 2012 , 17 Eritrean footballers and team doctor vanished after CECAFA championship tournament in Uganda and all applied for asylum in the country .
In an effort to start a war between the Yakuza and Cartel , Claude and Love organize the death of Asuka 's brother Kenji Kasen and frame the Cartel .
There is a regular mix of modern news media in Transnistria with a number of television stations , newspapers , and radio stations .
Based in Old Street , Central London the studio is wholly owned by the Japanese software and video game company Sega .
Germany does not have an EBT -LRB- electronic benefits transfer -RRB- card system in place and , instead , disburses welfare in cash or via direct deposit onto the recipient 's bank account .
A number of conditional cash transfer programs in Latin America and Africa link payment to the receivers ' actions , such as enrolling children into schools , and health check - ups and vaccinations .
When necessary , official documents , such as one 's Japanese driving licence , basic resident registration card , radio operator licence , social insurance card or passport are generally used and accepted .
The history of Cyprus ' rock and heavy metal music begins a few years after the war of 1974 , during the late 1970s .
These figures are impressive yet reflect production losses suffered by banana producers and the withholding of coffee exports from the market in an effort to fight steep price declines .
Jupiter 's moon Europa has been subject to speculation about the existence of life due to the strong possibility of liquid water beneath an ice layer .
The match was watched by 19 million Americans , making it the most watched association football match in American television history .
In 1972 , Sweden became the first country in the world to allow people who were transsexual by legislation to surgically change their sex and provide free hormone replacement therapy .
Danna return to Mexico after two years the country to star in the soap opera of Háblame de amor .
He led a simple life and brought change into the lives of people interacting through love for humanity , peace and preaching of justice among the fellow beings .
Samples of the food product are periodically taken from the production area and tested to ensure water activity values are within a specified range for food quality and safety .
The company attracted angel investor and computer software entrepreneur Charlie Jackson and $ 1.2 million in investment by August 2004 .
ITU - T recommendation E. 123 describes how to represent an international telephone number in writing or print , starting with a plus sign -LRB- " + " -RRB- and the country code .
In some common law jurisdictions , a defendant accused of murder is not guilty if the victim survives for longer than one year and one day after the attack .
Mesopotamian people invented many technologies including metal and copper - working , glass and lamp making , textile weaving , flood control , water storage , and irrigation .
Since the new school year generally starts right after Labour Day , families with school - age children take it as the last chance to travel before the end of summer .
However , the team faded as the season progressed and finished the year with a final record of 65 – 97 , in a fourth place tie in its division .
American pilot Wiley Post , the first man to fly around the world solo in 1933 , is often given some credit for discovery of jet streams .
Slidell 's arrival caused political turmoil in Mexico after word leaked out that he was there to purchase additional territory and not to offer compensation for the loss of Texas .
A record number of voters turned out to defeat the recall attempt with a 59 percent " no " vote .
The tournament took place on internet pay - per - view on April 14 and saw Samuray defeat Chuck Taylor and Johnny Gargano in a three - way first round match .
His parents ' marriage was a tumultuous one , filled with his father 's emotional and physical abuse of him and his mother and his mother 's growing alcohol and drug addiction .
The series was the first television show to focus on a single girl who did not live with her parents .
This observation was added to the list of evidence for liquid water being present at this rock site , where it is thought the spherules formed .
One day Raj throws a party in Gurukul , inviting the students from the girls ' school from next door as part of his plan to spread love in Gurukul .
For example world population and The United States 's oil production both appeared to be rising exponentially , but both have leveled off because they were logistic .
For example world population and The United States 's oil production both appeared to be rising exponentially , but both have leveled off because they were logistic .
Applegate made her TV debut with her mother in the soap opera " Days of Our Lives " and a commercial for Playtex baby bottles at three and five months respectively .
This animal is born from an egg laid by an old cock just before his death a clear night and full moon exactly at midnight .
The investigation has led the NTSB to recommend that the federal government require the installation of video and audio recording equipment in all locomotive and train operating cabs .
Despite initial debate within the government over how to manage to situation a heavy - handed approach was implemented and a state of emergency and martial law was imposed .
She is the sister of Alan Nursall , scientist and media personality who reports on science news for the Canadian TV series " Daily Planet " and the Discovery Channel .
The company had trained hard and became the fittest in the battalion , often utilizing bomb - damaged inner - city areas to practice street fighting with live ammunition .
The point of the game is to defeat the opposing team of opponents and improve the player character with experience points gained in battle by defeating enemies .
From February 3 , 1989 to April 14 , 1989 the television series " Unsub " featured an elite FBI forensic team that investigates serial murderers and other violent crimes .
In 2012 the government announced a twelve month environmental recovery plan for the area with an expected cost of NZ$ 2 – 3 million -LRB- US$ 1.6 M – 2.5 M as of January 2012 -RRB- .
Social cognition is a growing area of social psychology that studies how people perceive , think about , and remember information about others .
Later on , similarity and other compatibility factors become more important , and the type of love people experience shifts from " passionate " to " companionate " .
The logo of American health service and insurance company CIGNA makes use of a tree of life motif .
The centre - right government of former prime minister José María Aznar had worked successfully to gain admission to the group of countries launching the euro in 1999 .
Although a British film made by Potter 's own production company -LRB- Pennies Productions -RRB- , the casting of Sting piqued the interest of American investors .
In 2011 , the men 's soccer program won its first conference championship in school history with a victory over Centre College .
In a 2001 interview he summarized his views this way : " The overriding problem is to change the structure of society so that people gain power .
Total game revenue -LRB- including season ticket sales and game day ticket sales -RRB- approached $ 5.3 million for the year which is an increase of $ 186,000 or 3.6 % over 2009 figures .
The women 's basketball team in 1982 competed in the championship game of the inaugural NCAA Division I tournament despite being a Division II school .
The Adventures of Milo and Otis " was the number one Japanese film on the domestic market in 1986 , earning ¥ 5.4 billion in distribution income .
Viktor Korchnoi , one of the world 's leading players , introduced the line into tournament practice more than a century after Staunton 's death in Korchnoi – Känel , Biel 1979 .
These include fan - made video games like " " , a fighting game under development by a team of nine voluntary creators known as Mane6 .
Another possibility is that people with absolute pitch can label tighter pitch recognition categories than normal , introducing a greater number of category boundaries to cross between distinct tones .
As a result of the information given to Crimestoppers , 23 people are arrested every day and somebody is charged with murder every seven days .
Issues arising from the large number and small economic size of the retail investor population and those arising from asymmetric information dominate the economics of MIS .
Lensman series The Lensman series is a serial science fiction space opera by Edward Elmer " Doc " Smith .
LaRouche organized the network as a series of news services and magazines , which commentators say was done to gain access to government officials under press cover .
or she has -LRB- " relinquish firearms " provisions -RRB- , attend a batterers ' treatment program , appear for regular drug tests , or start alcohol or drug abuse counselling .
" Some people have claimed that those who live together before marriage report having less satisfying marriages and have a higher chance of separating .
Initially , it dealt with personal computer products , but later expanded to the development and publishing of video games , mobile content , video game peripherals and music recording .
A film , video game , television program , screenplay , computer program , concept , or idea stranded in development hell takes an especially long time to start production , or never does .
Before American Airlines flight 191 went down months later , it was the deadliest disaster in U.S history and is still the deadliest plane disaster in California history .
In 2007 , a K - pop singer Ivy was accused of copying a scene from the Japanese video game movie adaptation in one of her music videos .
On 29 May , state media reported that government troops had captured the air base after five hours of fighting in and around it .
Falcon Crest Falcon Crest is an American primetime television soap opera which aired on the CBS network for nine seasons , from December 4 , 1981 to May 17 , 1990 .
With the win over Arizona the Ducks have their best start in history and matched 2001 's team school record 11 wins .
Hess Energy Trading Company -LRB- HETCO -RRB- is a full - service proprietary energy trading company and market maker established in 1997 .
WNEW 's victory subsequently authorized radio stations across the country to start playing recorded music and brought about the modern radio programming landscape .
Since the 1920s , the American film industry has grossed more money every year than that of any other country .
However , the student population has brought money into the area , improved public transport and , generally , made it a more desirable place to live for a portion of the population .
An understanding of lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender people as a minority group or groups has gained prominence in the Western world since the 19th century .
Hartman made a considerable amount of money from television advertising , earning $ 300,000 for a series of four commercials for the soft drink Slice .
A game based on the TV series called " The Super Dimension Fortress Macross " was released for the Japanese Nintendo Family Computer console in 1985 by video game company Namco .
The term de-industrialization crisis has been used to describe the decline of labor intensive industry in a number of countries and the flight of jobs away from cities .
People in the news industry looked at the choice of Vargas and Woodruff by ABC News as the start of a new era in network television news .
The location filming coincided with another significant production change , as the series became the first American weekday soap opera to be recorded digitally .
The Central Australian Aboriginal Media Association -LRB- CAAMA -RRB- consists of a radio station -LRB- CAAMA Radio -RRB- , Music recording label -LRB- CAAMA Music -RRB- , television and film production company -LRB- CAAMA Productions -RRB- and CAAMA technical .
The Pine Bluff Variant " The Pine Bluff Variant " is the eighteenth episode of the fifth season of the American science fiction television series " The X-Files " .
Jason Rubin Jason Rubin -LRB- born 1970 -RRB- is an American video game director , comic book creator , and Internet company founder .
Despite a record breaking Europa Cup tournament which included an 11 – 8 victory over Rodovre and a 3rd placed group finish , the team struggled for consistency domestically .
In contrast , when used as a technical term within psychology and psychotherapy , clinical significance yields information on whether a treatment was effective enough to change a patient ’s diagnostic label .
The two - person American crew – a man and a woman – will orbit around Mars at a distance of of the surface .
As a young man he had a keen interest in theater and between 1941 and 1945 was involved in the direction and / or production of several Broadway shows .
The same year the first book in his heavy metal guitar instructional series was released , the young virtuoso joined the prestigious Wisconsin Conservatory of Music , in Milwaukee .
The two - person American crew – a man and a woman – will orbit around Mars at a distance of of the surface .
As a young man he had a keen interest in theater and between 1941 and 1945 was involved in the direction and / or production of several Broadway shows .
In high school Alex was valedictorian , student body president , homecoming king and captain of a state championship swim team his senior year .
First , the woman must take a fertility drug to stimulate egg production in the ovaries .
After seeing the huge number of children on the street they come up with a plan to try to get information about the drugs baron from them .
Blendo Games Blendo Games is an American independent video game development company founded by Brendon Chung .
The movie explores a young boy called Nathan -LRB- Branden Nadon -RRB- and his journey to find his father after his mother dies from a drug overdose .
A 24 - episode history soap opera depicting Xu 's life from early adulthood until 1949 is currently being produced in Hebei for airing in Chinese television later in 2009 .
In early 1999 , Sethi gave an interview to a team for the British Broadcasting Corporation television show " Correspondent " , which was planning to report on corruption in the Pakistani government .
The series was staged by a division of the Japanese entertainment company Bandai and generally ran three times a year to match with the holidays of Japanese schools .
Typically , the telephone company owns and manages all the communications equipment and software necessary to implement the Centrex service and then sells various services to the customer .
He also played an important role in helping the American team win a gold medal in the 4x100 m relay with a new world record of 3:33.73 .
For more detailed information and information about water management in Holland people can visit the information centre , which is open every day and admission is free .
Besides Orient Express a number of private operators as well as joint ventures between government parties and private tour operators are providing luxury train travel options in several countries .
Yodlee Yodlee is an American software company that develops an account aggregation service that allows users to see their credit card , bank , investment , email , travel reward accounts , etc. .
The Deliberate Stranger The Deliberate Stranger is a book and television film about American serial killer Ted Bundy .
She had a series of low wage jobs such as a fast food manager , oil change girl and a Christmas job stocking shelves at a toy store .
A passbook or bankbook is a paper book used to record bank transactions on a deposit account .
A recovery approach has now been explicitly adopted as the guiding principle of the mental health or substance dependency policies of a number of countries and states .
Tsunkatse " Tsunkatse " is the fifteenth episode of the sixth season of the American science fiction television series ' .
George is one of seven children to American Canadian mother Holly Sedgwick and Japanese father Hiromitsu Nozuka .
The family of five brothers hails from American Samoa , and moved to Washington state , after the death of their mother in 1988 .
In response , the Mexico City government has had to implement an emergency supply response program , providing water in tanker trucks and bottles to residents of the affected communities .
Since July 2008 the company has been a constituent of the benchmark IBEX 35 stock market index on the Bolsa de Madrid .
Since market indexes represent a group of stocks , they do not present the whole picture of the trading day and the performance of the market during this day .
In the car , the news report on the radio tells of a hitchhiker who has hacked to death three people who have given him lifts .
Israel and Turkey have signed a multi-billion dollar project to build a series of pipelines from Turkey to Israel to supply gas , oil and other essentials to Israel .
R&B singer Aaliyah was originally tapped to star as Sparkle ; however following her death in a 2001 plane crash , production on the film was derailed .
Analog delay lines are applied in many types of signal processing circuits ; for example the PAL television standard uses an analog delay line to store an entire video scanline .
After his plane goes down , an American boy is rescued from the sea by a Japanese fisherman and his family .
In the day following the Olympic team finals , Sacramone was largely blamed for the American team 's silver medal placement , and was the subject of negative commentary in media reports .
The European market entry took place in 1981 when the company opened their production line in Bascharage , Luxembourg .
Responses that focus on children suggest that experiences throughout life influence an individuals ' propensity to engage in family violence -LRB- either as a victim or as a perpetrator -RRB- .
Osaka and Kyoto became busy trading and handicraft production centers , while Edo was the center for the supply of food and essential urban consumer goods .
This combination of RFID real - time locating system hardware and software provides a powerful data collection tool for facilities seeking to improve operational efficiency and reduce costs .
Attempts at fusing jazz music with aspects of Japanese culture in the United States are commonly termed Asian American jazz .
Several decades ago deeply buried rock strata of the type associated with oil deposits have been found in the Lacandon area in both Mexico and Guatemala .
During this time , Witkowski composed music for a number of game shows on the children 's television network Nickelodeon , including Guts and Figure It Out .
The main building contains a chapel , dining hall , modern theatre , music room , art room , day student locker rooms , science labs , large library , computer lab , and classrooms .
This article discusses both the history of Shī ‘ a Islam in the Arab world from the dawn of Islam and their current situation in the Arabic speaking world .
" Jane " was featured in the 2009 video game " " , as well as the opening music to the film " Wet Hot American Summer " .
However , Harkes missed the Round of 16 match against Brazil after receiving his second yellow card of the group stage against Romania , earning a one - match suspension .
Michael Lindsay - Hogg Sir Michael Edward Lindsay - Hogg , 5th Baronet -LRB- born May 5 , 1940 -RRB- is an American film director , music video director , stage director and television director .
The government has recently quadrupled bread prices as part of the plan and is planning to liberalise the market completely .
Research has discovered that children usually experience a significant increase in theory of mind development between three to five years of age .
An artist that " tames The Monster " by earning all three awards receives recognition as a major star by Chilean and Latin American media almost immediately after a successful performance .
The music video depicts Crazy Frog in bed dreaming that he is competing in a football match against Killbots .
Pan derives from the American company Pan American World Airways and combines with the Japanese word " pan " meaning bread -LRB- thus these girls were also euphemistically known as bread girls -RRB- The situation was not helped by failure of the money promised by the American government — interest on late payment for his seven years ' military service — to materialize .
A year after the Iran - Iraq war ended , a law was passed to help handicapped and volunteer veterans to enter universities , reserving 40 percent of university seats for war veterans .
The Annoying Orange is an American comedy web series created by former Minnesota film student and MTV production assistant Dane Boedigheimer in 2009 .
It broke Kurosawa 's box office record -LRB- the third film in a row to do so -RRB- , became the highest grossing Japanese film of the year , and won glowing reviews .
By 1780 , the paper money was " not worth a Continental " , as people said , and a second issue of new currency was attempted .
About 8 % of people with intellectual disability live in an institution or group home .
His production company has also expanded with new social media , music video & television divisions .
Following the game , a book about the pre-history of the planet and a CD with music from the game were released .
It is thought that the genetic change of the cell line to constitutive production of IL3 is the key event in development of this leukaemia .
While most of the Palestinian Arab population that remained in Israel after the war was granted an Israeli citizenship , Arab Israelis were subject to martial law up to 1966 .
Despite Zia 's tough rhetoric against the Western culture and music in the country , the underground rock music jolted the country and revived the culturecounter attack on Indian film industry .
Some mining activity does still take place in the area in and around the Franklin Furnace , which was long a center of zinc production -LRB- see New Jersey Zinc Company -RRB- .
Due to a combination of oil related development and investing in technology & service industries , North Dakota has had a budget surplus every year after the 2008 market crash .
Before the NBA season started , he traveled to Israel where he led the American team to a gold medal in the 1965 Maccabiah Games .
" My Promise to You " -RRB- is a primetime soap opera series produced and broadcast by the Philippine media network ABS - CBN .
In the year of its American release , the book was adapted to the screen by Gerald Di Pego as a CBS television movie of the same title .
" The game takes place in outer space where there is no gravity and ships may travel in any direction in the three dimensions .
Developed by raw vegan Robert Hart , forest gardening is a food production system based on woodland ecosystems , incorporating fruit and nut trees , shrubs , herbs , vines and perennial vegetables .
They cover everything from consumer products and services , construction , engineering , business , information technology , human services to energy and water utilities , the environment and much more .
In December 2010 , the Parliament passed a new law which would forever change the landscape of radio and television services in Thailand .
The boys baseball team finished # 1 in the country after winning the Texas state championship in 2008 , ending the season with a 40 - 2 record .
Parker added 15 points in the March 17 championship game 50 – 48 victory over Proviso East High School , resulting in a 33 – 1 junior year record for Simeon .
The plan should clearly stipulate that the only people to speak publicly about the crisis are the designated persons , such as the company spokesperson or crisis team members .
The street racing video game series " Midnight Club " has been very successful in the market and is available on many platforms .
The secretary then called the 911 call center using a private phone number assigned to the Portland Public School district to report that Kyron was missing .
The image that results from the study of the archaeozoological evidence is a village of farmers and herders in full possession of food production techniques .
Light sensors were placed across seven floors of the building and fed by radio network into a computer music instrument analogous to a Mellotron .
Begović remained first choice ' keeper going into the 2013 – 14 season under new manger Mark Hughes and produced a man of the match performance on the opening day against Liverpool .
The Texas Longhorns college football team wore throwback uniforms for a single game during their 2005 national championship season as a way of honoring the past .
The " Firefox " arcade game included a Philips Laserdisc player to combine live action video and sound from the " Firefox " film with computer generated graphics and sound .
A train using both power cars of the TGV POS trainset number 4402 set a new world speed record -LRB- for travel on conventional rails -RRB- on April 3 , 2007 .
The film stars Hugo Stiglitz as the television news reporter Dean Miller who waits at a European airport for the arrival of a scientist .
In line with common English practice , style guides — such as the The Chicago Manual of Style — generally state that the number and percent sign are written without any space in between .
History of the Baltimore Ravens This article details the history of the Baltimore Ravens , a professional American football team which plays in the National Football League .
The government of India has declared Family Medicine as focus area of human resource development in health sector in the National Health Policy 2002 .
Gorillas live in family groupings of one dominant male known as a silverback , five to seven adult females , children and adolescents , and possibly a few non-dominant males .
Wright also created a series of outreach programs designed to garner interest in theater among young people and involving high school and colleague instructors .
Futuremark Futuremark is a Finnish software development company that produces computer benchmark applications for home users and businesses .
The women 's soccer team made their first Division I NCAA tournament appearance in 2010 after winning the Big West regular season championship with a perfect 8 -0-0 conference record .
At the same time the racial tension is on the rise in Oz due to the boxing tournament and a manipulative secret plan of black inmate Simon Adebisi .
For example , if a nation has 900,000 people enrolled in school in the academic year 2005/06 , this number is divided by the total number of school - age individuals .
MPBN 's television network shows a block of standard PBS programming , as well as many documentaries including nature programs and other science programs .
An 11 - 4 record in the final -LRB- November -RRB- tournament of 2005 was his third runner - up performance in a row and included another victory over the otherwise dominant Asashōryū .
Midway through her junior year high school O'Keefe left school to star on the soap opera " Another World " , playing Marguerite “ Maggie ” Cory .
Part of the FDF manifesto was seven pledges of action to encourage the food and drink industry to be more health conscious .
The plan includes the construction of new sea defences , enabling regeneration of the area to take place and also protecting more than 440 existing properties from flood risk .
American investigative journalist Nellie Bly feigned symptoms of mental illness to gain admission to a lunatic asylum in 1887 and report on the terrible conditions therein .
TV programs of the regional television company and radio local news programs are broadcast in the entire territory of the oblast through satellite transmission equipment .
Nighy received some recognition by American audiences for his acclaimed portrayal of overaged rock star Ray Simms in the 1998 film " Still Crazy " .
The football match actually plays a silent role in the movie showing how the policemen are engrossed in the game and care little for the loss of the tourist .
" The Exploding Party project examined the history of the party as an experimental artistic format , focusing in particular on music visualization - also in live contexts " 1970s .
An example of this culture would encourage sexuality from a young age and would be open communication about sex between the children and parents .
Queens has the most diversified economy of the five boroughs , with evenly spread jobs across the health care , retail trade , manufacturing , construction , transportation , and film and television production sectors .
Taiwan , where Hakka language is the mother tongue of a significant minority of the island 's residents , is an important world center for study and preservation of the language .
Taiwan , where Hakka language is the mother tongue of a significant minority of the island 's residents , is an important world center for study and preservation of the language .
He was granted an exemption from military service due to family circumstances , and he quit school before graduating so he could start earning money by doing musicals .
Canadian Natural Resources Canadian Natural Resources Limited , or CNRL , is an oil and gas exploration , development and production company with its corporate head office in Calgary , Alberta .
For two years , Ferrell held the record as the youngest inmate on death row until September 1999 , when the Florida Supreme Court reduced his sentence to life in prison .
Control of media information release during the war and production of counterfeit money in order to devaluate enemy 's economy were used for the first time during Napoleonic wars .
With Phelps , Ricky Berens , and Vanderkaay , he won his first gold medal and set his first world record as the American team finished first with a time of 6:58.56 .
Further boosted by an exuberant and funny live show , they proved popular with audiences but failed to gain the right kind of record deal or media breakthrough .
They also make the anonymous collection and analysis of visitor and object movements possible and help to optimize staff planning and to improve energy and environment management .
The school has five shaded outdoor basketball courts , two indoor multipurpose gymnasiums , a playing field with football pitches , and tennis courts .
The Rain King " The Rain King " is the eighth episode of the sixth season of the American science fiction television series " The X-Files " .
The Constant " The Constant " is the fifth episode of the fourth season of the American Broadcasting Company 's -LRB- ABC -RRB- serial drama television series " Lost " , and the 77th episode overall .
The film focuses on the young girl Ana and her fascination with the 1931 American horror film " Frankenstein " , as well as exploring her family life and schooling .
That same year , it eliminated the American football team and ended its boarding program to become a day school to which students commuted rather than lived .
The arrival of man on the moon will be of great consequence for peace and for the scientific investigation of the origin of the Earth and the Solar System .
In champions league group play , Seattle became only the second MLS team in history to win a competitive match in Mexico , defeating CF Monterrey 1 – 0 on August 23 , 2011 .
As the American people gradually turn on him , Jackson takes stock of all that he has lost : his family , his wife , and now the love of the American public .
Upon her marriage keeping in line with Salameh 's traditional Moslem background and conservative Palestinian culture she quit modelling and did not star in anymore films .
During 1979 and 1980 , Eaton worked a series of singles matches against Dennis Condrey , a man he would later team up with to gain world wide fame .
In 1983 , the festival included MICA -LRB- le Marche International du Cinema et de la television Africaine -RRB- , which is a market for African film stock and video footage .
She acted and became known through her role in the American television series " Las Vegas " , where she played the role of Sarasvati Kumar , the love interest of James Lesure .
In these conditions , borrowers turn a profit and deposit cash into bank reserves , which expands money supply .
Pegg plays Shaun , a man attempting to get some kind of focus in his life as he deals with his girlfriend , his mother and stepfather .
St. Joseph 's Convent School at Tuet receives no government aid and has the largest number of students in the world for a school of its type -LRB- over 12,000 -RRB- .
That night , he planted the missing murder weapon under her bed while she slept , and replaced a glass of water on her bedside table with hydrochloric acid .
Yamani took the initiative and planned to initially drop oil production by ten percent alongside other OPEC members , followed by five percent reductions each month .
Following his links with University of Exeter , he kept a keen interest in the area and his family currently supports local football team Azzy FC from UCP Marjon .
An additional short tournament between the top seven teams in the first division and a wild card takes place before the start of the regular season .
Spider - Man Loves Mary Jane Spider - Man Loves Mary Jane is an American comic book series focusing on a teenage Mary Jane , the love interest of superhero Spider - Man .
The first live performance of Kombat took place in Moscow at a concert celebrating the 50 years anniversary of the Allied victory over Nazi Germany .
On September 17 , 2011 , the Phillies became the first team in the city 's major - professional - sports history to finish the regular season in first place in five consecutive seasons .
Climate change in New York City could affect buildings / structures , wetlands , water supply , health , and energy demand , due to the high population and extensive infrastructure in the region .
The administration block contains the vice chancellor 's wing -LRB- including board room -RRB- , registrar office , administration and personnel office , student affairs , admissions , finance and project Offices .
The project report included detailed planning of roadway as well as development of other supporting infrastructure and operating systems .
Stanford 's 55 – 21 victory was the highest number of points any team had scored against a USC Trojans football team in the 121 - year history of Trojan football .
The book tells the story of McDonald 's early life in a government institution for people with severe disabilities and her subsequent release .
During the advancing process the tour manager checks contact names and addresses , arrival times , equipment load - in times , sound check and performance times , any supporting / opening acts , and live music curfews .
During the season the football team would deal with the adversity of a D.C. school crisis , the slaying of a player and the death of an assistant coach .
Although most of Brazil lies in the tropics , more than 60 percent of the population live in areas which are cooled either by altitude , sea winds or polar fronts .
She sent her children to live at a private boarding school in the United States , leaving her in Mexico City to focus on her career .
That same year after the observation that the library was unused , they turned the library into a state - of - the - art music room , and started a jazz band .
A history of alcohol abuse and alcohol dependence is common among people who commit suicide , and alcohol intoxication at the time of the suicide attempt is a common pattern .
One of the few NAIA schools in the country to have its own radio network that covers all basketball and football games .
Jankulovski start to have increased chance to succeed baníkovského AAA season came in 1996/97 due to its performance and immediately asked for a place in the first team .
The U.S. government says NIDA funds more than 85 percent of the world 's research about the health aspects of drug abuse and addiction .
In American politics the term matching funds refers to the money a presidential candidate is given by federal government to match the money they have raised personally .
While Kinnick took a year of law school in 1940 , he also served as an assistant football coach for the Hawkeyes , aiding the freshman team and scouting upcoming opponents .
Major benefits of nanotechnology include improved manufacturing methods , water purification systems , energy systems , physical enhancement , nanomedicine , better food production methods and nutrition and large scale infrastructure auto - fabrication .
Following Silvio Berlusconi 's victory in the 2008 election , Italy 's industry minister announced that the government scheduled the construction to start the first new Italian nuclear - powered plant by 2013 .
During the competition he scored in every group match game which helped the team to the finals with Egypt .
The Operator course teaches aircraft recognition and performance , air navigation aids , weather , airport traffic control , flight assistance service , communication procedures , conventional approach control , radar procedures and air traffic rules .
When Things Were Rotten When Things Were Rotten is an American situation comedy television series created in 1975 by Mel Brooks and aired for half a season by ABC .
With whole life insurance as its foundation , MassMutual provides financial products such as life insurance , disability income insurance , long term care insurance , retirement / 401 -LRB- k -RRB- plan services , and annuities .
Ambac insurance company insured the movies would succeed or they would pay the interest payment on the debt and get the movie rights collateral .
The men 's basketball team has reached the NCAA Division III Final Four on five occasions -LRB- 1979 , 1991 , 1996 , 2000 , 2009 -RRB- , appearing in the national championship game in 1991 .
A government school and hospital functioned for many years east of Fort Washakie and children were sent here to board during the school year .
In his second year at Everton , Van der Meyde 's wife and daughters returned to the Netherlands to enable his youngest child to gain more hospital treatment with family support .
In mid-2011 , he announced that he would start a film production company called " Spiral Dreams " with his brother Jithan Ramesh in order to promote new directors like his father .
Tunisia won their first match against Mexico 3 – 1 and became the first African team to ever win a world cup game .
The world economy crisis is traced back by Sinn to an abuse of liability limitation by American investment banks .
The center provides access to scientific information to academics and professionals in the fields of life science and is the only of its kind in Germany .
The Fast and the Furious " film series was inspired by an article on street racing , " Racer X " , that appeared in the May 1998 issue of Vibe magazine .
Hidden Path Entertainment -LRB- also known as Hidden Path -RRB- is an American video game development company based in Bellevue , Washington , United States .
In it , the people of the Duchy of Grand Fenwick , a microstate , attempt space flight using wine as a propellant .
However , recent evidence suggests that gender discrimination is still a significant issue affecting women ’s confidence and performance in STEM careers .
The city 's radio station , telephone exchange and government hospital were located there , along with a number of barracks and the Notre Dame hostel , which dominated the city .
Following center - right parties ' victory in the 2008 election , Italy 's industry minister announced that the government scheduled the construction to start the first new Italian nuclear - powered plant by 2013 .
Casualty insurance Casualty insurance , often equated to liability insurance , is insurance not directly concerned with life insurance , health insurance , or property insurance .
The Extramural Division provides grants to support research in medical information science and to support planning and development of computer and communications systems in medical institutions .
" While youth organizations , exist worldwide , the history section of this article will put a special focus on the development of youth ministry in America . "
Of growing importance is the capacity of weather satellites to gather long term measurements from space in support of climate change studies .
Pegg plays Shaun , a man attempting to get some kind of focus in his life as he deals with his girlfriend , his mother and stepfather .
The main change has been in the uniform and since 2000 the use of communication equipment and the television match official has greatly increased .
With the arrival of British troops , the doors of development were opened in this area and very soon people saw roads , train and schools here .
In February 2000 , webMethods went public on the NASDAQ in the most successful software IPO to date , based on investor interest and first day share price appreciation .
Persistent drought and resulting water restrictions during the first decade of the twenty - first century are an example of natural events attributed by the mainstream media to climate change .
In the pits at Phoenix , the car was assembled for the very first time , and a short private practice took place on a parking area of an American supermarket .
Originally starting out as making music for film trailers , in 2008 the company opened its libraries to the video game and advertising industries .
In 1993 , American media began to focus on the mature content of some video games , with games like " Night Trap " for the Sega CD receiving unprecedented media scrutiny .
In comparison , Nintendo concentrated on the 16 - bit market , and as a result , Nintendo took in 42 percent of the video game market dollar share with no next gen system .
For example , a student with a mathematics candidate diploma was often allowed to start in the third year of computer science class .
It was around the turn of the millennium that people in the United States broke the 50 percent mark in Internet use , personal computer use , and cell phone use .
From 1993 to 1997 , Vojvodina achieved in the national championship the 3rd place five times in a row and was runners - up of the domestic cup in 1997 .
Or , they may be news items , text messages , social media posts , stock market feeds , traffic reports , weather reports , or other kinds of data .
It 's a book about people in unacknowledged conflict and about the pleasures of travel and the pleasures of drinking and war and peace and writing .
" Nine crew and 69 military personnel were on board the plane that struck a helicopter in foggy conditions at the small airport that was overrun with rescue flights .
Document classification Document classification or document categorization is a problem in library science , information science and computer science .
The Adventures of Super Mario Bros. 3 The Adventures of Super Mario Bros. 3 is an American animated television series based on the video game " Super Mario Bros. 3 " .
Namco Tales Studio , formerly -LRB- or Wolfteam -RRB- , was a Japanese video game development company founded in 1986 .
His second term in office was characterized by limited reforms , increasing oil production and the dominance of British Petroleum as a main foreign oil company in Azerbaijan .
As of that year it had seven towers with of Class A office space ; the company had 25 % of all of the Class A office space in Downtown Houston .
Various bands and music groups that practice extra-curricularly are also supported by the college , including a wind ensemble , concert band , stage band , string ensemble , jazz ensemble , and singers .
Regular ABC television news broadcasts began soon after ABC started transmitting from its initial New York City television station -LRB- WABC - TV -RRB- and production center in late summer 1948 .
The company develops and sells electronic health record -LRB- EHR -RRB- software and practice management systems to the healthcare industry .
Her work on the game made her realize that the video game industry interested her more than the film industry ; she dropped out of film school soon after .
As the 1980s wore on , American rock , heavy metal and pop music acts learned how to market themselves using video and make catchy singles .
She is still erroneously represented as a cock bird at the National Museum of American History and by many other educational and military history information sources .
One critic wrote that " the only similarity between the book and the film was the word staircase . "
Customers could earn one - half credit by using a Southwest partner to book any car rental or hotel stay , regardless of whether a Southwest flight is involved .
By the summer of 1929 , it was clear that the economy was contracting and the stock market went through a series of unsettling price declines .
Life sciences -LRB- about 30 percent of the dollar output of the chemistry business -RRB- include differentiated chemical and biological substances , pharmaceuticals , diagnostics , animal health products , vitamins , and pesticides .
The fire , which killed 72 people including many government officials , was the worst urban disaster in American history at the time .
" Who Charted ? "
, launched on December 7 , 2010 , focus on pop culture by analyzing various film box office and record charts .
The victory made Jackson a national hero , restored the American sense of honour , and ruined the Federalist party efforts to condemn the war as a failure .
It soon becomes popular in the U.S. , spurring the term Pokémania and is adapted into a popular anime series and trading card game , among other media forms .
Scientists working under her direction identified a family of cell surface proteins whose expression is regulated by neuronal activity early in an animal 's life .
It also serves as additional laboratory space for the Nursing Department , and contains two computer science labs with advanced software for programming .
During the soccer world championship 2006 in Germany the Spanish football team lived there .
In high school football , his hard tackle of Johnny Damon in a game against Dr. Phillips High School team gave the future major league baseball star a concussion .
In the early to mid-1980s , Paul Mauriat appeared in several Japanese coffee and wine television commercials , which featured music from his orchestra .
SONICblue was an American consumer electronics company resulting from the 1999 merger between computer peripheral maker Diamond Multimedia and graphics chipset maker S3 Incorporated .
Amish in the City Amish in the City is an American reality television series by Stick Figure Productions -LRB- the same production company behind the documentary " Devil 's Playground " -RRB- and UPN .
She has often performed at schools and on rock music radio stations in an effort to interest younger audiences in classical music .
Although noted primarily for her pornographic film career , Jameson has made several appearances in television series , music videos , and video games , as a guest performer or series host .
According to their findings , there was a series of correlations between the potential risk factors of parental employment status , alcohol abuse , and family size within the abuse ratings .
Speziale is recognized as an expert on cell phone and wiretapping technology , narcotics smuggling , money laundering and has lectured on these subjects at the FBI Academy in Quantico , Virginia .
The provincial government first established a film development office in 1977 to market the province to the Hollywood community .
Werewolves have featured a number of times in the long - running British science fiction television series " Doctor Who " and its other media tie - ins .
Radio New Zealand Concert is FM radio network broadcasting classical and jazz music and regular news updates .
Run on a shoestring budget with money from their own pockets and the occasional philanthropic contribution or book advance , the project relied most on its network of volunteer correspondents .
The films were profitable , but Hawks soon left the series and proceeded to form his own production company using his family wealth and connections to secure financing .
In 2008 , a " Rolling Stone " interview stated " he hosted a doctor and nurse who 'd helped perform the emergency quintuple - bypass heart surgery that saved his life in 2000 .
' Outside the world of professional information technology , the term " database " is sometimes used casually to refer to any collection of data -LRB- perhaps a spreadsheet , maybe even a card index -RRB- .
They are the size of American paper currency in Hollerith 's time , a choice he made because there was already equipment available to handle bills .
They are the size of American paper currency in Hollerith 's time , a choice he made because there was already equipment available to handle bills .
Additional significant types of fandoms include comics fandom , sports fandom , music fandom , literature fandom , pulp magazine fandom , soap opera fandom , celebrity fandom , and video game fandom .
This research is a notable example of how knowledge encoded by the fossil record continues to contribute otherwise unattainable information on the emergence and development of life on Earth .
" Theme of Love " was integrated into the curriculum of Japanese school children and has been performed live by orchestras and metal bands .
Requiring that no company gain too great a share of any market is an example of how distributism has found its way into government policy .
Equatorial Guinea 's balance - of - payments situation has improved substantially since the mid-1990s because of new oil and gas production and favorable world energy prices .
Equatorial Guinea 's balance - of - payments situation has improved substantially since the mid-1990s because of new oil and gas production and favorable world energy prices .
The phone is compact and has its focus spread to multiple functions , photography , HD video recording , music playback and internet connectivity .
Many stock indexes are calculated as a price index and a performance index as well : Examples are the German stock market index DAX and the S&P 500 It has also been condemned worldwide as the worst loss of life of media professionals in one day in the history of journalism .
Further , Thai people change their family names relatively frequently -LRB- this practice being virtually unknown in many other countries outside of marriage and Fortune - telling traditions -RRB- .
Tellme established an information number , 1 -800-555-TELL , which provided time - of - day announcements , weather forecasts , brief news and sports summaries , business searches , stock market quotations , driving directions , and similar amenities .
The importance of water to basic survival is discussed , with the recommendation that " four or five quarts of drinking water per day are essential .
Provisions of the law which would prevent recognition of gain generally do not apply unless the seller receives a U.S. real property interest in a qualifying nonrecognition exchange .
The drive was inspired by the need to find a bone marrow donor match for Jasmina Anema , a six year old African American girl fighting leukemia .
The most common alternative payment methods are debit cards , charge cards , prepaid cards , direct debit , bank transfers , phone and mobile payments , checks , money orders and cash payments .
Instead evidence suggests there has been a sustained effort to increase the production of food in an attempt to keep up with the increasing need .
E-shops must implement a high or standard security policy -LRB- choose one -RRB- , and can provide different payment modules : bank transfer , credit card or both of them .
At a party after a television interview about his new novel , Charles first spies young Gabrielle , then attends a book signing in the bookshop where Gabrielle 's mother works .
With this new interest comes the development of a number of boutique resorts on the island providing quality accommodation , food and drinks in near proximity to relatively unspoiled countryside .
Couriers arrived regularly , conveying luxury food for Hubbard and his family or cash that had been smuggled from England to avoid currency export restrictions .
Given the elder Pei 's history with the bank before the Communist takeover , government officials visited the 89 - year - old man in New York to gain approval for his son 's involvement .
The $ 48 million project includes networked computers , computer labs , a computer reference area -LRB- Information Commons -RRB- , media center , 31 study rooms , and wireless internet throughout the building .
A large number of the Japanese American community continue to practice Buddhism in some form , and a number of community traditions and festivals continue to center around Buddhist institutions .
O - Town O - Town was a short - lived American boy band formed from the first season of the MTV - produced reality television series " Making The Band " in 2000 .
Ongoing research of the group includes further development and integration of experimental 3D imaging techniques and studies of the role of surface and colloid chemistry phenomena underlying oil recovery .
The melody of the latter song gained fame in the former Soviet Union as the background music to the Vremya television news programme 's weather forecast in the 1970s .
Although production and selling of sugar in the country began slave holding , the presence of coffee played an equally important role in establishing slavery in Cuba .
In his single season as the Stampede 's head coach , he led the team to a 37 – 16 record and a CBA championship game berth .
The plane involved in the accident was a Boeing 737 - 204C , registration LV - WRZ , production number 20389 , line 251 , with JT8D - 9A engines .
Many researchers have identified biobanking as a key area for infrastructure development in order to promote drug discovery and drug development .
With fighting going on in Korea , the federal government reinstituted price controls , including a 16 percent ceiling on food distributors ' gross profits .
The schedule change was planned to take place every year between September and March , corresponding to the spring and summer of the South American country .
Andy Garcia and Vera Farmiga star as “ a man and woman who fall in love while taking their children on a college admissions tour . ”
" The group explained that the security system had been defeated by photographing a fingerprint from a glass surface and using that captured image as verification .
However , because the game was accompanied by additional exercises and instructor attention , this study is not overwhelming evidence for the hypothesis that video games in isolation increase student engagement .
Based on a popular science fiction trading card series , the film was a hybrid of 1950s science fiction and 1970s all - star disaster films .
Taito Corporation The is a Japanese publisher of video game software and arcade hardware wholly owned by publisher Square Enix .
In 1968 , three former employees from the General Electric computer company headquartered in Phoenix , Arizona set out to start their own software development house .
SUA provides emergency and non-emergency services 24 - hours a day , 7 - days a week during the academic school year and is funded by a portion of the student health fee .
A recent development is the deployment of so - called narco submarines by South American drug smugglers to evade law enforcement detection .
Since the record company had no interest in " King " for its own sake , it made no effort to market the album .
These French Louisiana sounds have influenced American popular music for many decades , especially country music , and have influenced pop culture through mass media , such as television commercials .
Every family was issued a set number of each kind of stamp based on the size of the family , ages of children and income .
There is evidence that alcohol abuse via a kindling mechanism can occasionally cause the development of a chronic substance induced psychotic disorder , i.e. schizoaffective disorder .
GamesMaster " began when Jane Hewland , formerly of LWT , who had set up her own production company Hewland International , took an interest in her son 's love of video games .
Influenced by classic literary science fiction , the series mixes space opera with time travel plots .
Recently , the ultimate team was ranked seventh in the nation and the varsity football team " entered the 2005 season with the best ten - year record of all ISL prep programs " .
In 2005 , the school expelled five members of the boys varsity hockey team for receiving oral sex from a 15 - year - old female student in a school locker room .
However , given the large number of people involved with the production of each serial , a full cast and crew credit crawl could last three minutes or longer .
FERPA gives both parents , custodial and noncustodial , equal access to student information unless the school has evidence of a court order or state law revoking these rights .
Also , a new law was recently introduced that states that all four and five year old children can attend day care for free .
Deforestation is a major problem for fauna such as tigers , as the forest is cut to make room for plantations , mostly for Palm oil and other cash crops .
This denomination was also the first to endorse marriage equality and full recognition and celebration of people regardless of sexual orientation or gender identity or expression .
4Minute promoted the street basketball video game by JCE called " Freestyle " by releasing a music video .
Worldwide , the pulp and paper industry is the fifth largest consumer of energy , accounting for four percent of all the world 's energy use .
Thomas also said the film is " also a superb example of Japanese anime , balancing science fiction fantasy with a paean to the timeless value of family life . "
Other infrastructure includes water systems , public buses , rail lines , an international airport and radio and television stations .
A planning competition for the city plan for the area was held a year earlier .
In 2005 , Mendes directed the war film " Jarhead " in association with his production company Neal Street Productions .
The series was influential in the development of the situation comedy , with its move away from radio variety towards a focus on character development .
The Range Rover Sport is a production car development of the Range Stormer concept vehicle the company showcased in the 2004 North American International Auto Show .
Social anxiety disorder remains under - recognized in primary care practice , with patients often presenting for treatment only after the onset of complications such as clinical depression or substance abuse disorders .
The hospital area is about one hundred and twenty five thousand square feet of space affording some twelve hundred beds .
In 2011 , for example , a YouTube video revealed a staged Palestinian news industry that was taking place in Gaza .
Segrave was one of the few people in history who have held the world land speed record and water speed record simultaneously .
The DOL allows volunteer firefighters to receive benefits such as worker 's compensation , health insurance , life insurance , disability insurance , pension plans , length of service awards , and property tax relief .
This is a text product that provides forecast and warning information to mariners who travel on the oceanic waters adjacent to the U.S. coastal waters through day 5 .
This effort costs Kane more than money when Jedediah Leland , now a drama critic for the " Chicago Inquirer " , refuses to follow the company line praising Alexander 's performances .
When the season ended , O'Neal tried to keep his focus on basketball and considered the possibility of joining another team since he was now a free agent .
In 2009 , the Morgan State men 's basketball team won the MEAC regular season and tournament championship and qualified for the 2009 NCAA Men 's Division I Basketball Tournament .
The company planned to issue refund cheques through the Speedway ticket office for the price of all tickets for the race by the end of September .
He parlayed the association with the film into his own book deals and television appearances , including a series of matches with rival Willie Mosconi .
The U.S. government decided to allow Cuban citizens to receive more money from American friends and family members and to buy more American food and medicine .
It was the band 's first number # 1 single , and to this day is regarded by many people as one of the best - loved party records from the glam rock era .
This market has been in operation since the early 1960s , and has well - developed infrastructure to move water within the area of service .
Wolfe abandoned baseball and instead followed the example of his professor Marshall Fishwick by enrolling in Yale University 's American Studies doctoral program .
In 1961 Lambert left ABC , spending a year working as the personal assistant to American television producer David Susskind at the independent production company Talent Associates in New York .
Two men -LRB- one of whom is American -RRB- and one woman travel around in a small car armed only with a rifle , in search of food and radio parts .
The hardware includes a number of cables to connect the phone to the acquisition machine ; the software exists to extract the evidence and , occasionally even to analyse it .
A stock or stock board is an iron - faced block of wood fixed to the surface of the moulder 's bench .
In 1972 , the highly popular musical film " Cabaret " featured a love triangle with a man and woman fighting for the same -LRB- male -RRB- lover .
The development of the direct market is commonly credited with restoring the North American comic book publishing industry to profitability after contraction of the market in the mid-1990s .
The Experiential Learning Course is a high - rope obstacle course , where participants engage in various hands - on activities and gain insights into leadership , group problem solving , team work and communication skills .
It provides trading infrastructure -LRB- XETRA and EUREX -RRB- , market data and information to ensure the execution of stock exchange transactions and facilitate the interaction among all market participants .
One example of infographics usage in television and in pop culture is the 2002 music video by the Norwegian musicians of Röyksopp , for their song " Remind Me . "
This doctrine is surely Christ 's : " What shall it profit a man if he gain the whole world and suffer the loss of his soul ? "
Changing rooms are provided in a semi-public situation to enable people to change clothes in privacy , either individually or on a gender basis .
The history of Georgia national football team began in 1990 , when the team played their first international match against Lithuania , the first country to accept an invitation .
Diazepam and carisoprodol are not recommended for older adults , pregnant women , or people who suffer depression or for those with a history of drug or alcohol addiction .
Utilizing Shi'ite history to gain support for Faisal , during the holy month of Muharram , Bell compared Faysal 's arrival in Baghdad to Huysan , grandson of Prophet Muhammad .
The download project had been set up by Jackson with the American media company Clear Channel Communications .
The pair met in June 2010 when Brown was consulted to star as her love interest in the music video for the single " Love All Over Me " .
This contradicts earlier statements by Iranian OPEC governor Mohammad - Ali Khatibi indicating that the oil market is saturated and that an increase in production announced by Saudi Arabia was " wrong " .
According to Smith , Walter Christaller erred in his development of CPT in 1930 by using size of population and number of telephones in determining the importance of a city .
Many Drogs attend every home match while a smaller group travel around the country to support the team at away matches .
Unusual Suspects " Unusual Suspects " is the third episode of the fifth season of the American science fiction television series " The X-Files " .
Wilco discography The discography of the American alternative rock group Wilco , consists of eight studio albums , five extended plays -LRB- EPs -RRB- , three live albums , eight singles and four videos .
The CD initiated another massive wave of change in the consumer music industry , with vinyl records effectively relegated to a small niche market by the mid-1990s .
The Michigan football team went on the first road game of the season defeating the Wildcats 28 – 16 .
The tag is that people who save money on car insurance with GEICO are happier than Eddie Money running a travel agency .
If such a material is deposited in the delay line of a surface acoustic wave sensor , a change in length of the deposited film will stress the underlying substrate .
Oil minister Hussein al - Shahristani told Iraqi public television that the increasing oil production " would finance infrastructure projects across Iraq - schools , roads , airports , housing , hospitals " .
Local industry includes food and luxury products , drinks -LRB- the breweries are owned by the Danish firm Carlsberg -RRB- , metal and machine construction , electronics , and computer technology .
As television assumed an increasingly prominent role in American family life in the late 1950s , NBC News became television 's " champion of news coverage .
A sequence where a school teacher 's collection of 78 rpm jazz records is smashed by a group of rebellious students is a key moment in the film " Blackboard Jungle " .
The book " Perfecting Sound Forever : An Aural History of Recorded Music " -LRB- Faber , 2009 -RRB- , by Greg Milner presents the Loudness war in radio and music production as a central theme .
The broadcast also tried to set a world record in being the world 's longest live television documentary waiting for a registration in the Guinness Book of Records .
Hawkshaw worked extensively for the KPM production music company in the 1960s and 1970s , composing and recording many stock tracks that have been used extensively in film and TV .
This type of inherently proinflammatory programmed cell death was named ‘ pyroptosis ’ by Dr. Brad T.Cookson , an associate professor of microbiology and laboratory medicine of University of Washington .
" He may be best known for composing the music for the science fiction television series " Babylon 5 " , as well as the score of the anime movie " Tenchi Muyo !
The term " spyware " refers to programs that surreptitiously monitor activity on a computer system and report that information to others without the user 's consent .
The 2013 – 14 Israel State Cup -LRB- , " Gvia HaMedina " -RRB- is the eighty - first season of Israel 's nationwide football cup competition and the sixty after the Israeli Declaration of Independence .
A disaster recovery -LRB- DR -RRB- plan is good business practice for a hardware virtualization platform solution .
In seventeenth and eighteenth century colonial America , the agrarian life of the country left little time for game playing though draughts -LRB- checkers -RRB- , bowling , and card games were not unknown .
For a scrimmage to be valid the team in possession of the football must have seven players , excluding the quarterback , within one yard of the line of scrimmage .
The extended family group is referred to by the Kichwa word " " ayllu " " , although this type of organization predates the arrival of Quechua speakers .
The group of people exhibited similar behavioural pattern to a flock , where if five percent of the flock changed direction the others would follow .
While there is a full industry surrounding regular oil changes and maintenance , an oil change is a fairly simple operation that most car owners can do themselves .
At age 19 , during his summer holiday , he followed his third elder brother Runme Shaw to Singapore to start a film market and establish the Shaw Organisation .
The bank capitalised on the post GFC environment to attempt a number of acquisitions for its wealth management division .
Time Warner 's market share of the music industry had dropped by almost five percent from the mid-1990s , and the new executives ordered the termination of 600 jobs .
In May 2007 , the company said its total U.S. clients served during the 2007 tax season reached a record 19.9 million , up 3.8 percent from the previous year period .
" Spirit of Eden " 's moody , experimental nature made it a challenge to promote ; one critic said it " is the kind of record which encourages marketing men to commit suicide . "
A year after CREAM evolved into CREAM Content Distribution , Inc. , a production company that specializes in animation , game and film production .
The American school year traditionally begins at the end of August or the day after Labor Day in September , after a traditional summer recess .
In the late nineteenth century Japanese military doctor Sagen Ishizuka , the founding father of shokuiku , had great success in helping people recover from their serious health problems .
The centre - right government of former prime minister José María Aznar worked successfully to gain admission to the group of countries launching the euro in 1999 .
Star Wars Star Wars is an American epic space opera franchise centered on a film series created by George Lucas .
The models created following the C - 30 series were an attempt by the company to create a unique entity within the market place .
" The book is co-distributed by the Hazelden Foundation , a treatment center for drug and alcohol addiction .
Today , there are still hundreds of " Just Say No " clinics and school clubs in operation around the country aimed at helping and rehabilitating children and teenagers with drug problems .
Factions of Halo The " Halo " video game and media franchise takes place in a science fiction universe , where there are four major factions players encounter or control .
Property income is derived where the property is located , interest income where the money is lent and dividend income where the paying company is located .
A consumer who wants an overdraft line of credit must complete and sign an application , after which the bank checks the consumer 's credit and approves or denies the application .
Top Chef Masters Top Chef Masters is an American reality competition series that airs on the cable television network Bravo , and premiered June 10 , 2009 .
Chinese and Japanese representatives meet with the new American president to reveal their plan to kill Plutonian , which will result in the death of 2 billion people .
Repentance is a departure from the morality of reason and nature that one may live on a higher moral plane ... Despite the importance of gold production in the early development of Medellín , the export of coffee contributed the most impetus in the 20th century for the city 's growth .
In music of the 20th century and beyond , the word " metallophone " is sometimes applied specifically to a single row of metal bars suspended over a resonator box .
Featuring his 2004 Temptations concert tour , the film contrasted Khan 's inner world of family and daily life with the outer world of his work .
For instance , a user might start a Telescript application on their handheld , travel over the cell phone network and start a Telescript application on a large Telescript server .
The song appears in the video game " " on the country music radio station .
Transgender people are allowed to have sex reassignment surgery in Korea after age 20 , and can change their gender information on official documents .
The project called " The Sleeping Beauty That ... " was composed with a solo , a book performance , a video performance and was occurred in the suitcase number 40 .
It is an estimate of the number of people who were alive during the Medieval period , population trends , life expectancy , family structure , and related issues .
This game category includes both computer games and non-computer board games , since the Star Fleet Battles game series provides a starship simulation , and is wholly a tabletop board wargame .
Japanese heavy metal band Show - Ya performed live music between matches and performed theme music for a match where The Great Muta and Sting wrestled The Steiner Brothers .
The 2008 edition of " Guinness World Records Gamer 's Edition " awarded the " Mortal Kombat " series with seven world records , including " most successful fighting game series " .
The term acquirer indicates that the bank accepts or acquires credit card payment from the card - issuing banks within an association .
In the " X-Universe " video game series the Aldrin star system and planet Aldrin are named for him .
The American media was quick to claim a victory both for the American team and for baseball as a sport .
This report stressed that only 13 countries are projected to account for 47 percent of the world population increase by the year 2050 .
While Marshall is enjoying a game of " bask - ice - ball " -LRB- a combination of basketball and ice hockey that the Eriksen family invented , using tennis racquets -RRB- , Lily is in the kitchen .
The book -LRB- and subsequently , the film -RRB- will focus on Echols ' experience on death row after being wrongfully convicted for three murders with two friends in 1993 .
The school is occasionally represented by a soccer team in friendly matches , but association football is not an official sport of the school .
Rhodes provides the voice of the American president at the start of each episode of the CBC Radio One space opera / comedy series " " .
The company is an industry leader in production and development of equipment used in welding and cutting , and the world 's largest manufacturer of welding and cutting equipment and materials .
The next year -LRB- 2009 -RRB- he appeared as a prisoner on death row in the second episode of the TV series " Mr. Brain " , and the film " " .
The team in the rock would have radio equipment with which to report enemy movements .
The basketball team honors these school records by playing one home game each year in the Alumni Gym , where the streaks were recorded .
The Hindenburg Omen is a combination of technical factors that attempt to measure the health of the NYSE , and by extension , the stock market as a whole .
This image ties into the themes of isolation of " Lonerism " with a metal gate separating the viewer from the people in the Gardens .
If the price of a glass of wine is $ 3.00 and the price of a glass of beer is $ 3.00 , a consumer might prefer to drink wine .
Song dynasty bronze block embedded with bronze metal movable type printed paper money was issued in large scale and in circulation for a long time .
His videography consists of sixty - four music videos , five guest appearances , four video albums , four film appearances and four television appearances .
He had fled the country because of death threats after news about his marriage with another man in Canada reached the local media .
The tournament was concluded with the victory of the Lebanese basketball team over the Japanese side with 38 points difference and a 7 – 0 run .
After completing this movie , he returned to Beloit College to star in a live summer stock theatrical production as Brick in " Cat on a Hot Tin Roof " .
Common forms include television and film criticism , music journalism , video game journalism and celebrity coverage .
Solar energy deployment increased at a record pace in the United States and throughout the world in 2008 , according to industry reports .
Intermittent fighting continued until the end of the war , with the Japanese troops suffering heavy loss of life from disease and starvation .
Dental personnel continue to play a significant role in peace keeping and nation building through humanitarian assistance and disaster relief missions in third world countries .
On 19 June 2011 , almost four hundred people attempted to break the world record for the largest number of people skinny CAP 's radio network is designed for use during a national or regional emergency when existing telephone and Internet communications infrastructure is not available .
The plan also calls for the increased use of wood as a building material , energy recovery from biomass , and a land use planning reform .
The Panamanian government opened an investigation of the former president for money laundering in September 2009 .
The Face of Evil The Face of Evil is the fourth serial of the 14th season of the British science fiction television series " Doctor Who " .
Galaxy 4 Galaxy 4 is the first serial of the third season in the British science fiction television series " Doctor Who " .
Houston 's performance on " Good Morning America 's " ' Fall Concerts ' series on the American television broadcast network ABC aired on September 2 , 2009 .
Xbox modding Xbox modding is the practice of circumventing the built - in hardware and software security mechanisms of the Xbox video game console .
The feature article focused on the band 's approach to finding success in the new music industry by utilizing social media to interact with fans all over the world .
Rajiv 's encouragement of science and technology resulted in a major expansion of the telecommunications industry , India 's space programme and gave birth to the software industry and information technology sector .
In the 2006 film , Bickford Shmeckler 's Cool Ideas , his love interest was Olivia Wilde of the television series " House , M.D. " , where Fugit had a guest star appearance .
Flynn and Troy take the controls of the plane and Troy reveals that his flight experience was from a video game flight simulator .
Twelve people were killed , including seven crew on board the ship , and the five occupants of four cars which fell 45 m -LRB- 150 feet -RRB- after driving off the bridge .
Barrymore 's life became a series of alcohol and drug related disasters marked by bouts of severe depression that resulted in several suicide attempts and extended sanitarium stays .
For the 2008 tournament five teams were granted automatic entry into the cup and therefore did not have to gain admission through the qualifying stages .
The Calusari " The Calusari " is the twenty - first episode of the second season of the American science fiction television series " The X-Files " .
He later notched two goals and an assist in an 8 – 0 gold medal game win to help Canada to their first tournament championship in five years .
In November 2008 , Coda and her boyfriend , Japanese tennis pro Joji Miyao , made news for having been arrested for drug possession on October 10 .
Wilson 's brother played football and baseball at the University of Richmond , and his sister is considered one of the top high school basketball prospects in the country .
Riley steals a video camera from a street market so that the group can get the combination by filming the jeweller opening the safe .
Paul Romero Paul Anthony Romero is an American computer and video game music composer and classical pianist who has won awards for his work .
Matt Taibbi wrote an article for the June 14 , 2007 issue of " Rolling Stone " , blaming Giuliani for rushing the recovery effort and setting a poor example for recovery workers .
-LRB- ii -RRB- National government sometimes have legal authority over vast forest area that they can not control , thus , many protected area project result in increased biodiversity loss and greater social conflict .
" Dutch 's investigation of the money train ultimately triggered the tragic series of events that led to the death of Vic 's close friend , Detective Curtis " Lem " Lemansky .
The series follows the flight crew as they travel around the world and their lives in the London home they share .
A combination of disease , loss of land -LRB- and thus food resources -RRB- and war reduced the Aboriginal population and the impact of Europeans was profoundly disruptive to Aboriginal life .
On October 23 she became the first Japanese woman to rank number one in the world in doubles , winning seven titles in the process .
Eddie Money discography The discography of American rock music singer Eddie Money consists of eleven studio albums , two live albums , seven compilation albums and one extended play .
Official User is a group for the official content producers , such as record labels , film studios , news media , television channels , sports associations and political parties .
More contact with the environment through the surface of a cell or an organ -LRB- relative to its volume -RRB- increases loss of water and dissolved substances for small organisms .
As an Arctic country with territory at stake , the United States is continuously pushing for a larger influence in the region to pursue industry and energy development considerations .
" The people have absolute confidence in their victory in this holy war -LRB- jihad - e moqaddas -RRB- , " said the Islamic icon .
Ji would start again in the third place bronze medal match against Japan and played a vital role in defeating the Asian rivals 2 – 0 .
Dragon Nest Trading Collection -LRB- ドラゴンネスト トレーディングコレクション , " Doragon Nesuto Toreedingu Korekushon " -RRB- , a trading collection card series , has been released in Japan by Japanese merchandising company ensky AMADA Creative Factory .
History : Brazil is the fifth largest country in the world and had a hundred tram systems , almost as many as all the other Latin American countries combined .
In August 1923 , Karl Helfferich proposed a plan to issue a new currency -LRB- Roggenmark -RRB- backed by mortgage bonds indexed to market prices -LRB- in paper Marks -RRB- of rye grain .
Other facilities are telephone shop , internet cafe , post office , bank and ATM , public health center are on campus .
The season subscription usually offers a discounted price over purchasing a ticket for each concert or play in a series or all concerts or plays in a season .
For example , a trout stock maintained as a closed population for 20 generations showed reduced number and size of egg production .
Mobile devices -LRB- e.g. smart phones -RRB- provide sufficient sensor data and calculation power to enable physical activity recognition to provide an estimation of the energy consumption during everyday life .
David Hernandez David Anthony Hernandez -LRB- born May 31 , 1983 -RRB- is an American singer and the twelfth place finalist of FOX 's seventh season of the television series " American Idol " .
In short , the library media specialist teaches students to use information for critical thinking and problem solving using the information literacy standards for student learning set .
" Yale law professor William Eskridge , a harsh critic of the decision , has called it " the most frequently criticized example of excessively strict " stare decisis " .
Many families guide their children in the direction of prostitution in order to gain salary to help support the family for food and other needs .
Peter Grant and the Folly are called in to assist in the investigation of the murder of an American student found stabbed to death at Baker Street station .
According to their schedule , the first crew of four astronauts would arrive on Mars in 2023 , after a seven month journey from Earth .
Soon the group expanded to one hundred heroes , and the Japanese superhero style changed to " an American comic book vibe .
The lyrics and music video tell the tale of a girl who is deeply in love with a man that she hopes will make the first move .
Near the start of the crisis -LRB- December 2007 -RRB- commercial loan delinquency rates were " at or near record lows for four of five major investor groups .
The Bulldog Pep Band , under the direction of Professor Beth Bronk , performs school spirit music at all university home football games and select home basketball games .
It was the number one music video on rotation on American MTV network between January and March 1991 .
This course teaches aircraft recognition and performance , air navigation aids , weather , airport traffic control , flight assistance service , communication procedures , conventional approach control , radar procedures and air traffic rules .
However the team failed to qualify for the championship round after finishing in 3rd place behind group winners Real Salt Lake and 2nd place Cruz Azul .
The main character , Lala , is the only girl in a family of seven children and her family often travels between Chicago and Mexico City .
In the summer of 1973 , Grunfeld was selected to play on the American team for the Maccabiah Games , the only high school student on the starting five .
The Men in Black are a secret group spreading over the whole world and their aim is to prevent people from learning the true history of the world .
The first known student celebration on Franklin Street came after the 1957 men 's basketball team capped their perfect season with a National Championship victory over the Kansas Jayhawks .
Ab Aeterno " Ab Aeterno " is the ninth television episode of the American Broadcasting Company 's sixth season of the serial drama television series " Lost " and 112th episode overall .
In the film based on the video game series of the same name , a teleportation machine used to move between Earth and Mars would not always work .
Safety of equipment and personnel requires an immediate shutdown of the recovery boiler if there is a possibility that water has entered the furnace .
Schiphol in the Netherlands was the first airport in the world to implement this device on a large scale after a test with flight personnel the previous year .
Her experience with American movie making left Chanel with a dislike for the Hollywood film business and distaste for the Hollywood culture itself , which she denounced as " infantile " .
Forbes magazine in 2011 published an article listing Birol as fourth of the seven most influential people in the world 's energy sector .
He also founded the television production company Big Earth , dedicated to planning and composing international events , expeditions and adventure travel programme - making .
The visitor center has comprehensive natural history and cultural exhibits , an interactive children 's science area , a theater with nature films , and a bookstore .
Associations such as the American Bar Association offer health insurance to their members , using an established insurance company to write the policies for a group plan .
Darnellia and her team return to the Washington State high school basketball championship tournament and play their rivals , the Garfield Bulldogs in the finals .
In 1983 , the Canadian film " Skullduggery " depicted a role - playing game similar to " D&D " as tool of the devil to transform a young man into a serial killer .
Microstructure deals with issues of market structure and design , price formation and price discovery , transaction and timing cost , information and disclosure , and market maker and investor behavior .
Demographic history of Jerusalem Jerusalem 's population size and composition has shifted many times over its 5,000 year history .
The music video was shot at Venice High School , the same school used to film the movie " Grease " .
Native Instruments Native Instruments is a technology company that develops software and hardware for music production and DJing .
A newly elected president will begin his five year term on the day he takes the official oath .
Bublé 's interest in jazz music began around age five when his family played Bing Crosby 's " White Christmas " album at Christmas time .
The paper plane that Blackburn used in this record breaking attempt was a " glider " .
, Takuo Toda holds the world record for the longest time in air -LRB- 27.9 seconds -RRB- .
His father was a country doctor with his clinic and hospital in the family home .
The fact that my uncle was an official radio man and documenter of the Hmong experience to the Thai government during the war was absent .
" The company was previously an American manufacturer of radio and television receivers and other consumer electronics , and was headquartered in Lincolnshire , Illinois .
The men 's basketball team advanced to the Division II championship game six consecutive years -LRB- 1998 – 2003 -RRB- , winning in 1999 and 2001 under the direction of Ray Harper .
Freud originally identified people in a subject 's environment with the term " object " to identify people as the object of drives .
These fan sites contain news updates into the world of the books , films , and film cast members through the use of forums , image galleries , or video galleries .
Lunch period takes place during period 4 and 9 of each day and are based on what area of the school that the student is in during that time .
Train released a statement saying the group " strongly opposes any kind of policy that questions the equality of any American citizen ... Following the withdrawal of Soviet troops and the ouster of the communist government in April 1992 , an indirect election for president took place in December 1992 .
The young musician struggled with drug and alcohol abuse during this time , and considered dropping out of school to pursue a music career .
He began an association with the jazz rock group Colosseum in the 1970s , recording a live album and three studio albums including , " Daughter of Time " -LRB- 1970 -RRB- .
The catfight has been a staple of American news media and popular culture since the 1940s , and use of the term is often considered derogatory or belittling .
His defending national championship team was called for a record number of penalties in a game against Rice .
According to Betz , a significant challenge to the Washington wine industry is increasing consumer awareness and name recognition of the state 's AVAs that appear on wine labels .
The franchise centers on television game shows , but also includes merchandise such as video games , printed media and board games .
The game was perceived by the Lvivians as the chance to avenge for the last year loss to the Mykolaivans , which cost them a ticket to the Soviet Premiers .
The card price in each country is determined by the value of the ISIC in the local market and the countries economic development level .
LJN LJN Toys , Limited was an American toy company and a video game publisher in operation from 1970 to 1995 .
The situation led to " numerous arguments " with the club 's board which , as Kelly records , " was stacked with rugby league men whose interest in football took second place to rugby " .
The focus of health psychologists tend to center around the health crisis facing the western world particularly in the US .
The following week , the Gladiators advanced to their first conference championship game in team history when they beat the Georgia Force in the divisional round 73 – 70 .
While ticket sales had been good initially , the team struggled at the box office following its poor performance in the 2005 season -LRB- the first season of the expansion team -RRB- .
This card was sold later on in the year for another world record price $ 2,800,000 .
Inflation rose to 200 percent as the country suffered economic shock due the decrease of American aid as well as the oil price shock of October 1973 .
However , it was not until the 1980s that the term gained currency through its association with the work of a small group of mostly American political philosophers .
As a teacher and promoter of science , he is remembered as a founding father of the American school of theoretical physics that gained world prominence in the 1930s .
The food bank distributed $ 30 million worth of food each year without government funding ; 150,000 people are estimated to have used its services every month .
Technology demonstrations are often used in the computer industry , emerging as an important tool in response to short development cycles , in both software and hardware development .
Hammond portrayed television producer Aaron Spelling in " " , a fictionalized television movie based on the creation and behind the scenes production of the 1980s prime time soap opera " Dynasty " .
During President Mutharika 's first term in office -LRB- 2004 – 2008 -RRB- , the country achieved a high rate of agricultural production and food security .
Pavlou described the idea of the movie being based on Liverpool 's history in the slave trade and transferring it to modern day in the form of the drug trade .
A short distance from the house near the water is the Hathorn family cemetery which includes the burial place of Christina Olson , her brother Alvaro and Andrew Wyeth .
The game was shut down by Disney on September 19 , 2013 , following an announcement that the company intended to focus development teams on other projects .
As an ephemeral lake , it ’s water surface area varies from in the summer monsoon season to in the winter dry season .
Some tribes grew wealthy from this trade , although the Māori food industry declined in the mid-nineteenth century because of land loss and competition from settler farmers .
GamePro GamePro was an American multiplatform video game magazine media company that published online and print content .
The 2011 - 2012 Apollo football program won their first district championship in school history -LRB- 6 - 0 -RRB- record with Dallas Blacklock as their head coach JROTC .
Weiss continued to post eye popping numbers in his sophomore season by recording 87 points and earning a top five position among North American skaters .
It consists of diagnostic information that helps the company or development team responsible for the crash to debug and resolve the issue if they choose to do so .
During World War II German film stars supported the war effort by performing for the troops or by collecting money for the German Winter Relief Organization -LRB- " Winterhilfswerk " -RRB- .
There is the potential to have massive amounts of water unleashed into an area which could be unprotected causing loss of life and property damage .
Because of this , the current recommendation of the government agencies of several countries is to drink no alcohol at all if one is pregnant or planning to become pregnant .
The studio system produced frenetic activity in the Philippine film industry as many films were made annually and several local talents started to gain recognition abroad .
As a result of their background , the group combines music and theories of child development in their videos , television programs , and live shows .
Disbarment Disbarment is the removal of a lawyer from a bar association or the practice of law , thus revoking his or her law license or admission to practice law .
One group suggested that every possible development in the industry be poured into the construction of a new VAX family that would leapfrog the performance of the existing machines .
Over the next 18 months , the Coleco company ramped down its video game division , ultimately withdrawing from the video game market by the end of the summer of 1985 .
Brin 's own novel " Sundiver " is an example of science fiction proposing a form of life existing within the plasma atmosphere of a star using complex self - sustaining magnetic fields .
In 1986 , Honda introduced the successful Acura brand to the American market in an attempt to gain ground in the luxury vehicle market .
The history of video game development shares approximate contemporaneity with media violence research in general .
The government crash report does not mention cell phone activity as a primary cause of the crash and instead attributes it to pilot error .
In response , the U.S. government promoted the production of gasohol , gasoline with 10 percent alcohol added , as an answer to the energy crisis .
The competition committee in Turkey made arrangements for her to travel through Athens , but the day before her departure the government refused to let her go , " for political reasons " .
Pro Evolution Soccer 2009 is the second Wii entry of the association football video game Pro Evolution Soccer series by Konami .
He won his first ITF tournament singles match in October 2005 , defeating compatriot Tony Dang in three sets before falling in the round of 16 to American Christopher Racz .
It was founded in May 1982 by George Lucas as Lucasfilm Games , the video game development group of his film company , Lucasfilm .
The film is the conclusion of " Stargate SG - 1 " 's Ori arc , and picks up after the SG - 1 series finale , but takes place before the fourth season of " Stargate Atlantis " .
" NFL 2K NFL 2K is an American football video game series developed by Visual Concepts and published by Sega .
The company later branched into other enterprises , including Medi - Center nursing homes , Continental Trailways , Delta Queen , and Show - Biz , Inc. , a television production company that specialized in syndicated country music shows .
Many insurance companies maintain a network of life insurance agents , all providing financial planning services , guided towards providing death benefit that covers paying estate taxes .
In Senegal , a large number of health care providers believe unmarried women should not be given information on family planning methods .
Inexpensive recording hardware and software made it possible to record reasonable quality music in a bedroom and distribute it over the internet to a worldwide audience .
However , with the development of the internet and emergence of the information era , Droege ’s involvement in Heritage Front diminished as he shifted his focus to illicit drug traffic .
The music video – style shorts feature Goings and D.C. performing Choo Choo Soul songs with a group of young children in a blend of live action and computer animation .
The zoo offers a unique experience of direct contact with nature and the culture of this South American country .
The country 's national television network , The Sierra Leone Broadcasting Corporation -LRB- SLBC -RRB- broadcasts the national football team live match , along with many local radio stations across the country .
Supposedly , the regular practice of the latihan will enable people to experience positive development in various aspects of their daily life and being .
The internationally successful rock group Midnight Oil obtained worldwide media interest when they performed at the Olympic closing ceremony wearing black sweatsuits with the word " SORRY " emblazoned across them .
Space Battleship Yamato was a 1985 Japanese exclusive Laserdisc video game designed by Taito which was based on the television series of the same name .
George Petrie , a stock player on several incarnations of Jackie Gleason 's television series and the Ewing family lawyer in " Dallas " , had a small role as a doctor .
It is maintained only so that an attached phone can dial the emergency telephone number -LRB- such as 911 , 112 or 999 -RRB- , in compliance with the law in most places .
By the year 1000 the government no longer knew how to issue currency and money was gradually disappearing .
The film will star Maguire in the role of American reporter Billy Chaka , who investigates the murder of a Japanese friend in Tokyo .
The film tells the story of a CIA operation to save six diplomats during the 1979 Iran hostage crisis by faking a production for a large - scale science fiction film .
The plot follows four of Greenster 's love affairs , life as a video game character and the use of the animal tranquilizer ketamine .
The Japanese car manufacturing industry has suffered a loss of $ 250 million between 15 – 21 September due to the production of about 14,000 cars being suspended .
The final change came in summer 1938 , after the radicalisation of the terror of the SdP , whose death threats forced Kostka and his family to flee to Prague .
Most surround sound recordings are created by film production companies or video game producers ; however some consumer camcorders have such capability either built - in or available separately .
A proposed act of law begins its life when a particular government minister or ministry prepares a first draft with the assistance of the Attorney - General 's Department .
the " Dateline NBC " television news magazine in 2004 investigated sanitation practices of popular American family restaurant chains , measuring the number of critical violations per inspection .
A proposed act of law begins its life when a particular government minister or ministry prepares a first draft with the assistance of the Attorney - General 's Department .
The aquarium also boasts a number of sea otters ; the core of this collection was a group rescued from the " Exxon Valdez " oil spill in 1989 .
" Dear Friends - Music from Final Fantasy " was a concert tour featuring music from the " Final Fantasy " video game series that toured the United States from 2004 to 2005 .
Steel Magnolia Steel Magnolia is an American country music duo that won season two of the television talent show " Can You Duet " .
In the last year , broadband access in households has increased nearly five percent and the number of people not using the internet is down over three percent .
.
The tournament was conceived in 1899 by four members of the Harvard University tennis team who wished to challenge the British to a tennis competition .
The tournament was conceived in 1899 by four members of the Harvard University tennis team who wished to challenge the British to a tennis competition .
The environmental impact of reservoirs is coming under ever increasing scrutiny as the world demand for water and energy increases and the number and size of reservoirs increases .
The Do The Math movie is a 42 - minute documentary film about the rising movement to change the terrifying math of the climate crisis and challenge the fossil fuel industry .
Tourism professionals explain this shift in culture as an attempt to make the country of Croatia seem like a more stable place for Western investment and travel -LRB- study 2 -RRB- .
Reese being introduced as Bianca 's love interest was the first time an American soap opera would showcase same - sex partners having decided to create a child together .
But , in 1992 , when Ottawa hosted a series of multilateral peace negotiations on the topic of refugees , Israel took issue with the Palestinian representation and refused to participate .
The real time performance was optimised to particular resolution and bit depths unlike software platforms that use standard computer industry hardware and often trade speed for resolution independence .
In 2006 , an investment group Elevation Partners that includes rock star Bono bought a minority interest in the company .
These positions typically span a four month term taking place either during summer break or during the school year .
The company is also involved in garment industries , beer production -LRB- Tiger Beer -RRB- , paper mills , palm oil and infrastructure development .
He was rewarded as Leeds won another league title , going on a record 29 match unbeaten start to the season and pipping Liverpool to the title by five points .
In this very tense atmosphere it was decided that a plebiscite would be held in the area asking people which country this territory should join .
The brick - paved square contains a rich mixture of shops , restaurants , bars , coffee shops , a 1000 seat movie theater complex , a smaller 200 seat live performance theater , and other attractions .
The high school men 's varsity basketball team and women 's varsity soccer team have won the BCL championship six years in a row .
Two days later the young American team defeated Finland to clinch the gold medal coming from behind as they had done in every game in the tournament but one .
The company said in a news release 100 percent of the donations from the campaign will support the American Red Cross ’s disaster relief efforts .
An example of price mechanism in the long term is the oil crisis during the 1970s .
The company said in a news release 100 percent of the donations from the campaign will support the American Red Cross ’s disaster relief efforts .
An example of price mechanism in the long term is the oil crisis during the 1970s .
The Docker street campus offers a broad range of courses from business studies to music with a central area containing a cafeteria , library and student services .
Following the 1976 runner - up game there was a scandal involving Red Bay football team and coaches on alcohol abuse before the game .
In 1999 , Sandler founded Happy Madison Productions , a film and television production company that has produced numerous films and developed the 2007 television series " Rules of Engagement " .
Other actors more linked with the film or television industry have also voiced video game characters .
The ruling was seen as a significant victory for the video game industry and a defeat for parental rights groups .
They are designed to be used as digital day planners , internet surfing devices , project planners , music players , and displays for video , live TV , and e-reading .
As early as 1154 Jin Dynasty , people used copper block embedded with bronze movable type to print paper money and formal official documents .
The company was one of the world 's first type foundries to have no history in the production of metal type .
Stratford University awards graduate and undergraduate degrees in a number of disciplines including business administration , computer information systems , health sciences , nursing , culinary arts , and hotel management .
WGN - TV is also the largest television station by market size that is a broadcast partner in the WeatherBug real - time automated weather observation network .
In 2004 , the now - defunct Trio network brought " Amos 'n' Andy " back to television for one night in an effort to re-introduce the series to 21st century audiences .
Meanwhile , Gaston Méliès had taken his family and a film crew of over 20 people to Tahiti in the summer of 1912 .
Open market operation An open market operation -LRB- also known as OMO -RRB- is an activity by a central bank to buy or sell government bonds on the open market .
He eventually took his industry experience and founded HP4Digital Works , a multimedia company that provides pre - and post-production for film , digital , and live theater productions .
He is also the host of the food reality competition series " The American Baking Competition " , which aired its first season in Summer 2013 .
The DVD will contain a live performance that the band plan to film and record at the Metro Theatre in Sydney .
In the same year , a movie market was formally created in the country along with the arrival of silent movies and American colonialism .
As a simulation , the game and the direction of the company is controlled by the player , following a parallel timeline of the video game industry and its history .
He took the law school boards junior year , earning a nearly perfect score , but he was initially rejected early admission from Harvard Law School for his grades .
The zoo helps educate school children about their own environment and the animal kingdom in general at the Discovery and Learning Centre .
Because of Syrian government restrictions , the band was n't allowed to call its concert heavy metal and , therefore , used rock music on concert advertising .
The main focus is Japanese games although it is used by a few international video game developers to show off their upcoming games and game - related hardware as well .
The team improved their performance over the previous competition to finish in third place as bronze medal winners .
In 1966 the El Salvador football team took part in the Central American and Caribbean Games for the sixth time in a competition that took place in Puerto Rico .
In 1978 the El Salvador football team took part in the Central American and Caribbean Games for the seventh time in the competition that took place in Colombia .
The video game franchise was later adapted into a Japanese anime television series produced by Bee Train .
Negros Occidental has long been a center of culture and arts ; the wealth brought about by the sugar industry made sure that the Negrense principalía enjoyed the very best .
There is no student television station at this time , though the university offers a film production and video production major with courses through its Digital Video Communication Center .
Harvard law professor and future Supreme Court justice Felix Frankfurter argued for their innocence in a widely read " Atlantic Monthly " article that was later published in book form .
Particularly instrumental in increasing the band 's exposure in the American market was the appearance of a new type of radio format , adult album - oriented alternative rock -LRB- AAA -RRB- .
Through a combination of the 1997 Asian financial crisis and the stagnation of the Japanese retail market , however , the group declared bankruptcy with 161 billion yen of debts .
She became popular after her performance at Coke Studio , a Pakistani television series featuring live music performances .
Aerosmith discography The discography of Aerosmith , a Boston , Massachusetts - based hard rock band , consists of fifteen studio albums , forty - five singles , five live albums , eleven compilations and seven video releases .
This involves the preparation of documents and / or electronic submissions , the calculation and payment of taxes , duties and excises , and facilitating communication between government authorities and importers and exporters .
This move was a genius stroke as the baby monitor market subsequently grew year after year to become a big consumer electronics segment .
Anthony Mandler Anthony Mandler -LRB- born April 18 , 1973 -RRB- is an American film director , music video director , television commercial director and photographer .
The oil production in the offshore area owned by the federal government reached in 2007 , down from the record of produced in 2002 .
The group toured and recorded with Haycock in the early 1990s , releasing both a live CD and video of their performance with the Moscow Symphony Orchestra .
people who knew the history of Erwadi war will give the example of Shaheed badusha and Zainul Aabidheen shaheedh if two brothers in law are closely associated .
For the last match for 2012 and his debut year , Pekerman created an interesting 1 - 1 draw result with 2014 world cup hosts Brazil while missing 2 star players .
That season , the football team set a school record by posting a nine - game winning streak , which started after an October 6 , 2001 loss the prior year .
The company was initially engaged in the development and production of specialty chemicals used in biochemical , pharmaceutical , and other life science research applications .
Israeli government statistics on Jerusalem include the population and area of East Jerusalem , which is widely recognized as part of the Palestinian territories under Israeli occupation .
Sliders Sliders is an American science fiction television series that was broadcast for five seasons between 1995 and 2000 .
Mezzo TV Mezzo is a French television channel devoted to classical music -LRB- including opera and ballet -RRB- , jazz and world music .
Circle - ellipse problem The circle - ellipse problem in software development -LRB- sometimes known as the square - rectangle problem -RRB- illustrates a number of pitfalls which can arise when using subtype polymorphism in object modelling .
On March 18 , 2009 , Flextronics was invited to ring the NASDAQ stock market opening bell , signifying the day ’s start of trading and celebrated 15 year NASDAQ - listed anniversary .
UCLA 's football team had recorded one of the biggest upsets in school history by defeating USC the previous week .
American troops used false signals , decoy installations and phony equipment to deceive German observation aircraft and radio interception operators .
The car was restored and sold for $ 10,894,400.00 to English broadcaster Chris Evans , setting a new world record for the highest price ever paid for an automobile at auction .
In an attempt to cheer up the family and possibly match Caroline to a potential husband , they throw a party for a few family friends when disaster strikes .
As the price of players gradually came down , the CD began to gain popularity in the larger popular and rock music markets .
In the 1990s , largely ignored hill country blues gained minor recognition in both blues and alternative rock music circles with North Mississippi artists R. L. Burnside and Junior Kimbrough .
In a Yale library in 1971 he met fellow law student Hillary Rodham , who was a year ahead of him .
At the 1963 event , the Brazil national basketball team won one of its two world championship titles .
At the 1963 event , the Brazil national basketball team won one of its two world championship titles .
The American Society of Composers , Authors and Publishers -LRB- ASCAP -RRB- hosts a series of awards shows , honoring people in different music categories ; pop music is one of its seven categories .
Lara Croft of the " Tomb Raider " series became the first video game sex symbol , becoming a recognizable figure in the entertainment industry throughout the late 1990s .
Harmonix Harmonix Music Systems -LRB- or simply Harmonix -RRB- is an American video game development company based in Cambridge , Massachusetts in the United States .
" Video Game Music " was released in 1984 as an early example of a chiptune record and the first video game music album .
He recommended the establishment of local hospital and school boards to manage health and education ; and discussed family law reform ; multiculturalism , climate change ; and international relations .
In 1968 , during his sophomore year at MIT , Kurzweil started a company that used a computer program to match high school students with colleges .
The book follows each of five patients through their hospital experience and the context of their treatment , revealing inadequacies in the hospital institution at the time .
With only 5.6 percent of the population having access to a land - line connection , the meager telephone network has resulted in rapid growth in mobile phone use .
With only 5.6 percent of the population having access to a land - line connection , the meager telephone network has resulted in rapid growth in mobile phone use .
Ironically , when Bill Elliott 's backup car failed during practice for the pit crew championship , Elliott drove that backup car for his # 9 team to do the competition pit stop .
Today VICE produces over 60 original video series , covering news to travel to music to arts to fashion , and has a network of correspondents and bureaus .
Silicification reveals information about what type of environment the organism was likely to live in .
Supergiant Games Supergiant Games is an American video game development company based in San Jose , California .
In its years of continuous operation , Opportunity is still sending back evidence that this area on Mars was soaked in liquid water in the past .
In the Autumn 2008 , a new train crew accommodation block began construction immediately to the south west of the station in part of the station 's car park .
In 2005 , the CTV television network produced a television movie documenting Morgentaler 's life and practice called " Choice : The Henry Morgentaler Story " .
The following month they ordered Keating to stop transferring cash from Lincoln to American Continental , which imperiled the latter 's survival strategy and caused its stock price to nosedive .
In 2012 , Rhodes brought an American fashion design student to live in her London apartment for a month during the summer months .
The freshman football team has placed an outstanding record against other teams in the Tri-Valley district , despite their mercurial loss of 45 - 0 against American High .
In 2005 , a United Nations report expressed concerns about racism in Japan and that government recognition of the depth of the problem was not total .
After a decline during the Khmer Rouge regime , competition from video and television has meant that the Cambodian film industry is a small one .
What Lies Below " What Lies Below " is the 13th episode of the second season of the American science fiction drama television series " Fringe " .
In 2009 , Drexel women 's basketball team ended Old Dominion University 's NCAA record 17 year reign as CAA champion with a 62 - 41 victory in the conference semifinals .
The school site also includes tennis courts , baseball fields , soccer field , track facilities , and football stadium .
The crowds grew and media interest escalated , as " The Times " again reported on the match on Tuesday , and the disruption to school life was considerable .
At street level is a travel centre opened in November 2009 which sells tickets , newspapers , food and drink , replacing the former ticket office and newsagents .
On the western shore are Camp Mallon and Camp Laurence which offer group accommodation camps with educational and adventure activities for school students , family and church groups .
To promote this , the Italian government passed the " Denominazione di origine controllata " -LRB- DOC -RRB- law in 1963 to regulate place of origin , quality , production method and type of grape .
USA Today All - USA high school baseball team Each year , " USA Today " , an American newspaper , awards outstanding high - school baseball players with a place on its All - USA High School Baseball Team .
The discography of American rock band Fall Out Boy consists of five studio albums , one live album , one compilation album , four extended plays , nineteen singles and twentyone music videos .
The classrooms should also have science laboratories , computer laboratory with multimedia and internet facilities ; speech laboratory ; music room and musical instruments and a gym with functional sports facilities .
Due to the relatively small size of Yale Law School , a higher percentage of the student body is a member of the journal than at other top - tier law schools .
The story line of this second film is about a homeless man whose effort was to solve a murder mystery .
Together , they co-own The Simmons Lathan Media Group , a film and television production and acquisitions company that develops and distributes urban content across a variety of media platforms .
In 2007 , the girls soccer team won the Central , Group IV state sectional championship with a 1 - 0 win over Jackson Memorial High School in the tournament final .
It is used by travel insurance policies to determine a set of people on the basis of whose health someone might need to cancel a journey or return early .
In June 2000 , possible evidence for current liquid water flowing at the surface of Mars was discovered in the form of flood - like gullies .
EHL has earned its worldwide recognition in the hospitality industry as being the number one hospitality school in the world surpassing Cornell .
The calculation is done by taking the first dividend payment and annualizing it and then divide that number by the current stock price .
The year of 2005 is important because there is a change in the direction board and the company Rodić M&B abandones its position as sponsor becoming just a doner .
The silent film star and stock market investor Colleen Moore 's Fairy Castle is on display .
The New Yorker Lions -LRB- formerly Braunschweig Lions -RRB- are the city 's American football team , winning a record number of seven German Bowl titles , as well as two Eurobowls .
He has supported additional resources for substance abuse treatment and has touted random student drug testing as an effective prevention strategy .
The official reason for appointing a government that was based on a parliamentary majority was to make it harder for the American president to refuse a peace offer .
They interview top level executives and thought leaders that shape the development of the information and communication industry ICT .
With the advent of computers and computer software in the 1980s , the development of the fleet card industry quickly expanded .
A work - release mother is allowed to take her children to school and doctor appointments and grocery shop during the day .
Marryat would sometimes travel to Hampshire to stay at his brother George 's country house , Chewton Glen -LRB- now a five star hotel -RRB- , on the edge of the New Forest .
His mother tells him that his younger brother Ruthi has turned into a gangster and that he is planning a big war to take place in Tooting Broadway .
Energy derivatives have received criticism after the 2008 financial collapse , critics cite evidence that the market artificially inflates the price of oil and other energy providers .
The situation changes when Henderson makes a report from an orphanage located on the front lines -LRB- Ljubica Ivezic Orphanage -RRB- in which two hundred children live in desperate conditions .
After defeating Japan , the player 's team is awarded with the world cup by a ninja and the game begins a new cycle starting with England .
He worked in live theater and starred in a number of television and movie roles before being cast on " La Femme Nikita " .
The radio series continued until 1957 , a year after its television life ended .
In the 2012 – 2013 season , the basketball team reached the highest ranking in team history at number 3 , won the regular season conference title , and hoisted a 26 – 4 record .
His team finished the season with an 19 – 13 record -LRB- 8 – 10 in the Pac - 10 -RRB- , including a loss to West Virginia in the first round of the NCAA tournament .
Roxio Roxio is an American software company specializing in consumer digital media products .
Planet of Evil Planet of Evil is the second serial of the 13th season of the British science fiction television series " Doctor Who " .
With no clear sign of victory in Vietnam , the media images of American military casualties helped to stimulate the opposition of the war in Americans .
That year the company also introduced Homesat , a subsidiary formed to market satellite equipment to homeowners who lived in areas too remote to receive adequate television reception .
The film set in 18th century is all about a group of people who steals from the wealthy to provide food and shelter for their tribe .
However , the attempt at peace lost credibility as the interview was scheduled a day before " Blood In My Eye " was released .
America discography America is an American rock group who have released sixteen studio albums , four live albums and seven compilation albums , including a holiday album .
The championship in Greece was professionalised for the 1979/80 season and in the middle of that term the Vardinogiannis group bought the football club of OFI -LRB- see rival section -RRB- .
A combination of record sales , radio airplay , video spins , message board posts , and conventional mail would decide the order of the countdown .
The unique nature of the credit crisis and the unprecedented response by governments around the world has reinforced the importance of high - quality standards for financial reporting by governments .
It provides superior quality of communication with built in large number of telephone channels to meet future needs of train operation and safety .
Chinese media reported one firefighter – secretary of the fire department 's communist party branch – died from smoke inhalation and seven people were injured , six of them firefighters .
After his first acting experience in the scary movie " Ghosts " , Jong Suk will star in the film " " as a main character in his first flight movie .
With these events - the discovery and development of oil and gas reservoirs and of processing and transportation infrastructure - Canada 's petroleum industry established its foundations .
F. Emasculata " F. Emasculata " is the twenty - second episode of the second season of the American science fiction television series " The X-Files " .
This made Liu 's plan the world 's most well - funded public infrastructure project since the American president Ike Eisenhower constructed the American Interstate Highway System in the 1950s .
In the 1970s the social health insurance faced several equity problems as coverage differed between the sickness funds and around seven percent of the population remained uninsured .
In 2006 , Doug created a television and film development and production company called The Ogden Group Entertainment .
The hospital television shows the science fiction movie again , and Jerry remembers that what he wrote down , was a line from the movie -LRB- " Flaming Globes of Zigmund " -RRB- .
HSBC will insert the Metris product line including the American DreamCard -LRB- under the Direct Merchants Bank brand -RRB- into the HSBC - NA credit card family of products .
The full moon day every month is celebrated as a festive occasion attended by a large number of people from the northern region .
The project consisted of a rock opera based on the Battle of the Little Big Horn and the history of the Native North American peoples .
According to a 2009 report by industry analyst house IMS Research , Axis Communications is the global market leader in the network video market with a market share of 31.2 % .
The development of shore - based bands in the 19th century led to the creation of the Naval Academy Band , which grew in size and importance during the American Civil War .
The publicly listed company 's interests span newspaper and magazine publishing , Internet , Pay TV , market research , DVD and film distribution , and film and television production trading assets .
Wednesday is the market day where people in and around Bicholim gather in the main market region for trading small goods / commodities .
There are also plans for a convention center and a hotel over looking an animal exhibit to establish the zoo as a multi-day destination .
Some credit card companies -LRB- e.g. American Express -RRB- can transfer credit cards from one country to another and in this way help start a credit history .
After quitting Malayalam film industry he started teaching music at the American International School , Chennai , an institution of the State Dept. , Washington D.C. , and in Rockland County , N.Y. .
The first round match between John Isner and Nicolas Mahut set a new record for the longest tennis match in history -LRB- both , time and total of games -RRB- .
The team contended for the championship until the last game of the season and lose its first cup final .
Space flight simulator game A space flight simulator game is a genre of flight simulator video games that lets players experience space flight .
The number of bilingual people was much higher , for example Hungarian was spoken by 96 % of the total population and was the mother language of 89 % .
The song was also featured in the trailer for Jackson 's 1988 film " Moonwalker " , and the music was featured in video game " " , on the radio station Vice City FM .
The first digit of a credit card number is the Major Industry Identifier -LRB- MII -RRB- -LRB- see ISO / IEC 7812 -RRB- , which represents the category of entity which issued the card .
An active media , together with widespread interest in American culture and society , make Argentina a receptive environment for the information and cultural exchange work of the U.S. Embassy .
At 18 , she was a volunteer and one of the health workers project Gymkhana - Aids information ONG Criola , who fights against prejudice to black women .
What Are Little Girls Made Of ?
" What Are Little Girls Made Of ? "
is episode seven of the first season of the science fiction television series " " .
The ASL also had a limit on the number of foreign players each team could have in an effort to gain popularity among American fans .
The company has expanded into other areas such as avionics , space systems , metal beverage and food containers and aluminum aerosol containers .
Kickstarter backers influenced the development of the game when the ability for same sex marriage was added to the game after a number of requests .
The first round of their victory was achieved in October 1985 , when their life sentences for murder were reduced to eight years for manslaughter on appeal .
Given the widespread fear of forced family separation , these travel restrictions provide the Cuban government with a powerful tool for punishing defectors and silencing critics .
His early focus on rock and roll gave way to an interest in American folk music ; in 1985 , Dylan explained the attraction that folk music had exerted on him : Lucasfilm Lucasfilm Limited , LLC is an American film and television production company based in the Letterman Digital Arts Center in San Francisco , California .
Starfield Technologies Starfield Technologies is a business entity related to Go Daddy , the American internet domain registrar and Web hosting company that also sells e-business related software and services .
The production company is into its sixty second year with three generations of the AVM family into the film production business .
Single persons make up the majority of beneficiaries , while an increasing number of people on this disability program live with their parents , spouse , or other family members .
Music of Twin Peaks The music of the American television series " Twin Peaks " , and its 1992 prequel film " " , was composed by Angelo Badalamenti .
" Chen says a dean of a school of food science told him that it would take a university team 3 months to develop this kind of concoction . "
I Am Playr " is a first person association football video game with social network elements .
In May 2013 Scioto Downs will start a live outdoor music concert series with national acts .
On July 16 , 2009 , as part of the JCPenney American Living Tour , Rascal Flatts made history as the first country music group to play Chicago 's Wrigley Field .
The main tasks of the bank remained to guarantee the value of the money through currency circulation and through the arrangement and regulation of short - term credit volume .
Among the dead were a seven year old boy and a five year old girl who were Sheng 's nephew and niece .
This is thanks to the change of the prisoners ' medical treatment rule by health minister Natsagiin Udval , his Mongolian People 's Revolutionary Party 's secretary general .
AARP Services Inc. offers : Medicare supplemental health insurance , discounts on prescription drugs and consumer goods , entertainment and travel packages , long - term care insurance and automobile , home and life insurance .
The March of Time is an American radio news series broadcast from 1931 to 1945 , and a companion newsreel series shown in movie theaters from 1935 to 1951 .
After a decline during the Khmer Rouge regime , competition from video and television has meant that the Cambodian film industry is relatively weak today .
Fat Joe subsequently attacked 50s street credibility and called him a " coward " on a phone interview with Kay Slay of New York City hip - hop radio station WQHT .
When McCrary was a young boy his mother wanted to place him in a day care which was located across the street from his home .
Economic development in Azerbaijan , the key oil industry center of the Soviet Union , was very rapid at the time , enabling Azerbaijani aviation great confidence in the sky .
Hussain currently faces allegations of murder of his party leader Dr Imran Farooq , money laundering and hate speech , the case is under investigation by the Scotland Yard .
Some software CGs can be used in live production with special software and computer video interface cards .
Each store essentially contained a book store , a movie store , a music store , and a video game store under one roof .
Specialized application environments such as CAD , day trading of corporate stocks , and software development are increasingly using six or more monitors on one production system .
Likewise , a landing craft whose primary mission is ferrying personnel or equipment to and from shore is a maritime unit and is represented in the sea surface dimension .
After losing their jobs as security guards , best friends Ivan -LRB- John Cusack -RRB- and Josh -LRB- Tim Robbins -RRB- start a music video production company called " Video Aces " .
Gourcuff made his second career start on the final match day of the season assisting on a goal in a 4 – 0 victory over Montpellier .
Fortunately , the people in line outside the Northern bank offices were there to deposit money instead of withdraw it .
Funimation Funimation is an American television and film production company based on Flower Mound , Texas .
His father was a hotel broker ; his mother was a radio actor , writer and academic and a cousin of the British film and television actor Angela Lansbury .
In addition , there are law firms , architects and other professional offices , as well as computer and internet businesses , art galleries , music and art studios , and acting and film schools .
Zhang Xueliang 's small air force was destroyed , and his soldiers fled their destroyed Beidaying barracks , as five hundred Japanese troops attacked the Chinese garrison of around seven thousand .
Despite fierce competition from other big star movies such as Simha and Darling , the movie did extremely well for it 's budget purely based on word of mouth publicity .
One of its most famous and popular series was the daily 15 - minute afternoon soap opera " Blue Hills " , which was written for its entire production history by dramatist Gwen Meredith .
They compare the network communication restrictions with restrictions that some phone companies tried to place on their lines in the past , preventing transferring of computer data rather than speech .
The video was about some young people having a party and it showed footage of fights , drug taking and alcohol abuse .
American economist Fred Fuld developed a stock index to measure the profit performance improvement of companies represented by Bündchen compared with the Dow Jones Industrial Average .
mother Helen Cole was ... extraordinarily proud of our Native American history and was , frankly , the first Native American woman ever elected to state senate in Oklahoma .
" Wine making in Mexico began to experience a comeback in the 1980s , with wine production peaking at four million cases a year in the latter part of the decade .
Annie Lobert Annie Lobert -LRB- born September 26 , 1967 -RRB- is an American former call girl and sex industry worker , who founded the international Christian ministry Hookers for Jesus .
Möller is the author of the book " " -LRB- " The secret media revolution : How weblogs , wikis and free software change the world " -RRB- .
A notable similarity between the " Civilization " computer game and board game is the importance of diplomacy and technological advancement .
Castle Rock Entertainment is an American film and television production company founded in 1987 by Martin Shafer , director Rob Reiner , Andrew Scheinman , Glenn Padnick and Alan Horn .
I love the idea of having some kind of memorial recognition there , but right now it is not a place that a lot of people are comfortable going to .
The period between the end of one school year and the start of the next is known as the summer holidays and consists of six or seven weeks .
Fox Entertainment Group Fox Entertainment Group , Inc is an American entertainment industry company that owns film studios and terrestrial , cable , and direct - broadcast satellite television properties .
According to the ALA , a challenge is an attempt by a person or group to remove or restrict materials from a library or school curriculum .
Speightstown saw a lot of activity during the reign of the sugar industry and the day of the slave trade .
Procedure word Procedure words or prowords are words or phrases limited to radio telephone procedure used to facilitate communication by conveying information in a condensed standard form .
Kitsunegari " Kitsunegari " is the eighth episode of the fifth season of American science fiction television series " The X-Files " .
In 1996 , TV Azteca launched Azteca Digital , the first digital media production center in Mexico and Azteca Music a record company .
Francisco Mendes Benveniste and his brother Diogo were the directors of a powerful trading company and bank of world renown , with agents across Europe and around the Mediterranean .
The term " contact sport " is used in both team sports and combat activities , medical terminology and television game shows , such as American Gladiators and Wipeout , to certain degrees .
With a clinical counter-attacking game the Boks were able to vary their approach and ended the year the number one ranked team in the world .
The term ENG was created as television news departments moved from film based news gathering to electronic field production technology in the 1970s .
That year they had also performed in concert with Spinetta Jade , Luis Alberto Spinetta 's latest project and the other popular rock group of the early 1980s .
In the same year that the film was released , a video game version of the movie came out .
Mobile stations , complete with personnel , broadcasting equipment , and a record library were deployed to broadcast music and news to troops in the field .
Madden NFL Madden NFL -LRB- known as John Madden Football before 1993 -RRB- is an American football video game series developed by Electronic Arts Tiburon for EA Sports .
In foreign investments , Hungary has seen a shift from lower - value textile and food industry to investment in luxury vehicle production , renewable energy systems , high - end tourism , and information technology .
In foreign investments , Hungary has seen a shift from lower - value textile and food industry to investment in luxury vehicle production , renewable energy systems , high - end tourism , and information technology .
Wolf visited team practice late in the 1999 season and believed that players had become too comfortable with Rhodes ' style , and said the atmosphere resembled a country club .
Another brother Dhia introduced Harry to drug dealing an activity which led to an 8 to 20 year jail term being dropped in his lap in 1985 .
After more than five hundred years of world domination WCM will have to leave the planet without making the people suffer more and more .
In a 2011 interview with " Parade " magazine , he discussed his history of substance abuse as a teen , and in March 2013 , he again sought treatment for addiction .
He had previously received substance abuse treatment over a decade earlier , when he was 19 , following a history of drug use that began around the age of 12 .
In 1977 , with Boden five years into his life sentence , American Express granted him a credit card , which he used while out on a day pass from Laval prison .
Veneno Veneno is a production company based in Los Angeles , CA founded in 2000 by producer / director Dago Gonzalez and specializing in concert video design , music videos , and EPKs .
Bobby Chombo is critical to Bigend 's plan to gain the ability to foresee stock market prices by a number of minutes .
The institute also conducts each year a number of specialised short - term courses to meet the training needs of media personnel working in government and public sector organizations .
Turner was a star on the 2002 – 03 Brooks 's 8th grade boys basketball team that finished the 2002 – 03 season with a record of 23 – 2 .
Volbeat discography The discography of Volbeat , a Danish heavy metal band , consists of five studio albums , one live album , three video albums , fifteen singles and twelve music videos .
Perry made the live television premiere performance of " Hot n Cold " on NBC 's " Today " show outdoor concert series on August 29 , 2008 .
In 1992 he and producer Peter Aalbæk Jensen founded the movie production company Zentropa Entertainment , named after a train company in " Europa " , their most recent film at the time .
In 1992 he and producer Peter Aalbæk Jensen founded the movie production company Zentropa Entertainment , named after a train company in " Europa " , their most recent film at the time .
Also with respect to copyright , the American film industry helped to change the social construct of intellectual property via its trade organization , the Motion Picture Association of America .
A July 2013 media report speculated that IKEA is the world 's largest consumer of wood after a finding that the company uses 1 % of the Earth 's wood supply .
The military government has the majority stakeholder position in all of the major industrial corporations of the country -LRB- from oil production and consumer goods to transportation and tourism -RRB- .
En route to the coast at the start of his journey to China , Ibn Battuta and his party were attacked by a group of bandits .
While current and forecast weather may be a factor in deciding which type of flight plan to file , weather conditions themselves do not affect one 's filed flight plan .
While current and forecast weather may be a factor in deciding which type of flight plan to file , weather conditions themselves do not affect one 's filed flight plan .
Performance bond A performance bond is a surety bond issued by an insurance company or a bank to guarantee satisfactory completion of a project by a contractor .
That year was also the start of its ground breaking Brazil 500 project aimed at preparing the nation for its 500th anniversary of its discovery .
But he did start in Portugal 's third group stage match , a 2 – 0 loss to host nation Switzerland where nine of the 11 regular team starters were rested .
At a time when few companies offered anything more than wage , Lane Bryant offered profit sharing , pension , disability insurance , group life insurance plans , and medical benefits .
Teddy Mayer took over direction of the group following Bruce McLaren 's death while testing a Can - am series car in 1970 .
A multi-disciplinary school of economic intelligence is also being set up in Mumbai to train intelligence officers in investigating economic crimes like money laundering for terror purposes etc. .
After considering shooting American football games in 3D , Schklair 's company 3ality Digital decided to create a concert film with U2 .
Nitroplus Nitroplus Co. , Ltd. , stylized as nitro + , is a Japanese visual novel computer software company that has developed a number of visual novels , including eroge .
The project allows people around the world to participate online , and lists everyone who joins the crew a " Special Thanks " in the film credits .
Ally Financial 's subsidiary bank in the U.S. , Ally Bank , offers savings products , including certificates of deposit -LRB- CDs -RRB- , online savings accounts , interest checking accounts and money market accounts .
However , Donald McGannon , president of Westinghouse , estimated it would take $ 200 million each year to operate a full - time television network and a modest news department .
A BBC film crew filmed the project at certain points on the journey , up to and including arrival and operation of " Tornado " running at the GCR .
Often of a commercial nature " means that the software -LRB- regardless of type or quality -RRB- is used as a tool in some sort of a commercial plan to gain revenues .
The seventies and eighties witnessed the development of word processing , a method for " typing " documents , using a keyboard linked to a computer and a video screen .
The opening game of the following season started with a loss to Indiana State and it led to a 0 — 8 start for the second year team .
The Indian senior football team defeated Qatar 2 – 1 in an international friendly before the start of the world cup qualifier against UAE -LRB- United Arab Emirates -RRB- .
There is evidence that alcohol abuse via a kindling mechanism can occasionally cause the development of a chronic substance induced psychotic disorder , i.e. schizophrenia .
In 1990 at the end of the Japanese asset price bubble , it accounted for more than 60 % of the world stock market value .
His mother , Margaret -LRB- née Dammann -RRB- , whose family founded the American Safety Razor Company , was the president of the Irvington Institute , a hospital that treated children with rheumatic fever .
Many people consider themselves to be cisgender , that is , belonging to either the man or woman gender corresponding to their assigned sex of male or female .
She argues that " Iran carries out the highest number of sex change surgeries in the world " that " surgery is an attempt to keep gender stereotypes intact " .
He used his money to start a law firm in Chicago based on fraudulent recommendations from virtually every prominent American family of the day .
In 2004 , the Red Men football team set a school record for most wins in a season going 11 - 2 .
The judge in the case cited Torn 's history of alcohol abuse and the possession of a loaded weapon while intoxicated , which carries a minimum one - year sentence .
The company took on multi-billion dollar debt in February 1996 to help finance a series of leveraged stock buyouts among family members .
On 4 December 2008 , the Zimbabwe deputy minister for water and infrastructural development stated that there were only sufficient treatment chemicals in stock nationally for twelve weeks supply .
2D Boy 2D Boy is an American independent video game development company founded by former Electronic Arts employees Kyle Gabler and Ron Carmel .
Though being unusual for American music video productions , the video world premiered and received its first official airing on June 15 on the German music television channel VIVA .
Pop rock band Boys Like Girls performed during the swimsuit competition and country music star Trace Adkins performed during the evening gown competition .
BMP development The BMP series of infantry fighting vehicles were among the first production line IFVs .
